REVIEW: I gave these to my Mom for Mother’s Day and she loved them. She loved the story of how they were made. We both love prospecting for old glass bottles, agates, stones, fossils etc. They are beautiful and we both love how they were created.
REVIEW: pretty and unique
REVIEW: I bought these a few months ago and they are still my favorite earrings. I always get compliments on them. I love them!
REVIEW: Love these earrings.  An interesting style that's not too big or over the top but definitely an eye catching look.  Perfect with florals or prints, these earrings add to but don't distract or take away from your look.  Package arrived ahead of schedule and in good condition though I thought additional cushioning would definitely insure against breakage or damage, especially if going across the country or international.
REVIEW: It's even prettier in real life than it is on the photo!! Thanks!
REVIEW: Very beautiful. I have sent several to Amazon to order. They say they have.
REVIEW: They were a gift. Everyone loves them. Exactly what I expected.
REVIEW: Amazing craftsmanship. Definitely worth the purchase. Love this homemade shop!
REVIEW: So pretty and a wonderful gift!!!! I gave these to my Sister-In-Law at Christmas and she loved them!! I highly recommend these!!
REVIEW: These are beautiful. I have gotten so many compliments.  I would order these as gifts.
REVIEW: I"m trying to choose to whom to give a pair of these, as I find them absolutely delightful. I'm keeping the pair I bought for myself, though!<br />What a marvelous idea!
REVIEW: Super cute!!! Great gift!
REVIEW: Thought they would bigger to enjoy the beauty of them as the are way to small for me, but I like large earrings
REVIEW: I put these on the minute they came. They are so pretty and they catch the light with the beautiful color of the glass. Also NOT too pricey!
REVIEW: Bought these for my daughter. Look better than the picture.
REVIEW: These earrings are beautiful. Shiny eye catching and I love the idea of the found pieces of old blue mason jars given a new purpose. Prettier in person also.
REVIEW: I just love these earrings and the fact that they have a story behind them just adds to the enjoyment factor!! They are well designed and well made. I have ordered five of her other designs as well. Just love these and glad i found them! It is also great to support an independent designer
REVIEW: These are just as pictured. Love them and will most likely treat myself to other jewelry by this seller.
REVIEW: Such beautiful earrings! LOVE THEM!
REVIEW: Am wearing them now and love them.
REVIEW: A gift. Liked that it was made of vintage glass
REVIEW: They arrived in yesterday's mail as promised and are as beautiful as they looked.  I am wearing them now and they are lovely.  I'm sure my co-workers are going to get tired of them so I am hoping to add to my collection soon!!!  Thank you so much, Ms Bergman, for sharing your talent!
REVIEW: These earrings are beautiful! They can be worn for casual or dressy occasions.
REVIEW: I love them!  Craftsmanship and unique!
REVIEW: Wife loved these.
REVIEW: My mother loved these.  They are gorgeous and light-weight.  She was thrilled.
REVIEW: Excellent item --- sent as a gift and was well received
REVIEW: They were liked
REVIEW: Purchased as a gift. Recipient loved them.
REVIEW: Grandma loved them
REVIEW: I am absolutely thrilled with these beautiful earrings! You can dress them up or down, which is something I always value in accessories. And the history behind them brings a whole new value to them! I'll definitely be ordering again!
REVIEW: I have received multiple compliments on these earrings. They are lightweight and a beautiful color.
REVIEW: These are beautiful.
REVIEW: Beautiful earrings!! The color and size are really nice. Worth buying and gifting!
REVIEW: Nicely made
REVIEW: I bought these as a gift for a friend. She put them on immediately. She said, "I love these earrings!" , and that pretty much says it all.
REVIEW: Love its design !
REVIEW: Gorgeous. The aqua blue almost seems to glow- I had these on within minutes of opening the box!  I love these, and just as much as the look, I love the concept. I love that someone brought these to market- stylish, recycled glass.  The informational card in the box explaining the origin is a great touch.  This is a case of great concept and execution.  Buy them! Go Green- or in this case, aqua blue-Green.
REVIEW: Lovely color, not too heavy, perfect size, nice small hooks.  Buying more from these folks and hoping all of the pieces are as nice.
REVIEW: I bought these earrings for my mother-in-law’s birthday and she loves them. They are pretty and the quality is amazing!
REVIEW: These are very pretty. I got lots of compliments.
REVIEW: Love these earrings & receive many compliments on them. Beautiful & great quality. Received when expected in nice packaging. Thank you!
REVIEW: These are so pretty and well made!
REVIEW: very nice pair of earrings unique nd different
REVIEW: Liked the appearance
REVIEW: Colors are bright and beautiful as in the pictures.
REVIEW: Quality was so-so
REVIEW: So cool and fitting for an avid canner and love the reuse idea!!
REVIEW: Absolutely beautiful.
REVIEW: Beautiful product.
REVIEW: I like the thought of these earrings and the feel, I got a pair for my sister too.
REVIEW: I had these delivered to my daughter for her birthday.  She is always looking for vintage items for her home and I thought these would fit right in with her love of vintage things.  I couldn't put a gift card in the package, so I told my husband since we had already celebrated early with her family with cake and gifts, that I wasn't  going to tell her I sent them until she gave me some feedback on whether or not she liked them. Luckily, they were delivered exactly on her birthday.  Not long afterwards I got a call.  She asked me if I had sent her a gift from Amazon?  I asked her why would she think that.  She said she knew I ordered a lot from Amazon and she had just received the most beautiful earrings that were made from old glass jars.  Now she wants more surprises.
REVIEW: These earrings are unique, adorable, and lightweight.
REVIEW: I am starting my Christmas shopping early.
REVIEW: I love the recycling of antique glass. The design is beautiful  and light weight.they come in a nice box. I like the designs. I will be purchasing more from the seller
REVIEW: Gorgeous earrings and amazing timing. The earrings are beautiful in both shape and size and they are not heavy at all.<br />I was genuinely impressed with the quality and will buy more from this producer in the future
REVIEW: I absolutely love these earrings.  I collect antique blue jars and bottles so these are totally me.  They are good quality, arrived quickly and are very pretty.
REVIEW: Gorgeous earrings!!  I had been admiring them for awhile. So glad I made the purchase!!
REVIEW: These earrings are my retirement gift to myself.  Highly pleased!  I particularly like the history of the glass parts.
REVIEW: Love them! I get lots of compliments on these earrings!
REVIEW: Like it because it is different
REVIEW: Beautiful! Already purchased another pair in red!
REVIEW: special gift for Christmas! very pretty & love the story of their life!
REVIEW: Very pretty
REVIEW: My daughter gave these to me. They are great. Lightweight and so cute.
REVIEW: Bought these to support small business. They are so beautiful! Love the color and style. My mother loved them so much she bought a pair in a different color. The turquoise glass is gorgeous like the ocean. Non allergenic- light weight a good to earring
REVIEW: I really like them. They are particularly striking if I have my hair up, because then the light shines through them. I have gotten compliments on them,
REVIEW: Really beautiful and nicely made earrings. Cute packaging and unique idea!!!
REVIEW: These are beautifully made.
REVIEW: Every review that mentioned how they seemed to glow was spot on! These earrings are gorgeous and they truly do seem to glow! They are my go-to earrings- and I always seem to get compliments on them.<br /><br />I love repurposed items- how can you go wrong with these? They are perfect!<br /><br />There will be more purchased for gifting - and I don’t think I will go wrong with these as gifts!
REVIEW: When I received the earrings for a Christmas gift the box was empty (an honest mistake). I contacted the seller and she immediately sent the earrings with a matching necklace. The items showed up at my house just two days after I sent the email (on a Sunday). The matching earrings and necklace are beautiful and I couldn't be happier! Excellent seller... Thanks!!
REVIEW: Bought these as a gift for my sister and she loves them. She said they were crafted excellently, and has enjoyed wearing them.
REVIEW: She used to can produce with her mother and grandma, so these earrings with the blue Ball glass was a sweet reminder of her time with the women in her family. They really are cute.
REVIEW: These recycled glass earrings arrived exactly as shown. Great earrings. Great sale price! Would buy again at sale price!
REVIEW: so many compliments on these earrings.  A real conversation starter.  I love the idea of recycled glass from 1940s
REVIEW: Unusual and absolutely delightful
REVIEW: These earrings are just beautiful, lightweight, the glass is a very vibrant color. The pictures don't do them justice. Very happy with my purchase
REVIEW: These earrings are beautiful! They pick up the light and are very pretty. The picture does not do them justice! I have ordered another pair for my sister-in-law! You cannot go wrong with these. And I love telling people their story when they comment about how pretty they are!
REVIEW: These are just as pictured. Love them and will most likely treat myself to other jewelry by this seller.
REVIEW: These are beautiful! Very creative idea to recycle old broken mason jars. My new favorite pair of earrings!
REVIEW: My mom has more earrings than anyone I've ever known. I see her wear this pair more than any other. Simple, beautiful, and can be dressed up or down. Well worth it!!
REVIEW: THERE WAS NOTHING I DIDNT LIKE ABOUT THESE EARRINGS AND EVERYTHING I DID.<br />BOUGHT AS A GIFT, I WILL BUY MORE FOR GIFTS AND FOR ME!
REVIEW: My mom liked them, so whatcha see is whatcha get. Kinda cool that they are recycled. The glass is not fixed on the inside so they jingle just a bit if you're really moving.
REVIEW: These earrings were gifts.  Well loved and my girlfriend wears them weekly
REVIEW: The earrings are very pretty and look exactly as depicted in the online view.  They have just enough imperfections to show that they are not factory made.
REVIEW: They are attractive and well made. Wear them a lot.
REVIEW: I like the uniqueness of these and love the color!
REVIEW: this earrings looks very nice, quality is good. bigger than i thought..<br />it's probably a good idea to have on the photo something to compare size with.<br />although gift bag is quite poor, not worth the money. maybe box would be better. and i didn't get the idea of the gift message...
REVIEW: Beautiful little earrings! Arrived in box with card giving a brief history of glass used in making them. Very charming. Exactly as described...would order again from this company.
REVIEW: Beautiful original gift!
REVIEW: I liked everything about these but my favorite part is the story. Very nicely crafted, well packaged.
REVIEW: I absolutely love these delicate and feminine earrings! The silver is bright and really sets off the turquoise blue color to perfection. The glass is recycled from old mason jars, a lovely touch of vintage. Would love to have a bracelet of the same style to go with it.<br /><br />The earrings are about 2&quot; give or take a bit, and hang nicely below my hair. The bubbles in the glass catch the light nicely too. Will look cute this spring and summer with some bright clothing. I would adore a pair in red, but not sure they had red depression glass.<br /><br />Would make a lovely gift for a friend or loved one.  I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review. I will periodically update these reviews as I have more experience with the product.
REVIEW: I bought this as a gift suggestion from FB for a friend who needed a little surprise. Her exact words:<br />"That’s one of the most thoughtful beautiful gifts I’ve ever gotten.<br />thank you 😘 I have gotten so many compliments on my earrings!!!<br />And I love that they came with a story"<br /><br />Very well done!!!
REVIEW: Pretty but the glass is very small
REVIEW: These are very pretty.The are medium size and the silver is very bright and shiny.They feel very sturdy.
REVIEW: I love my earrings so do all my friends will be looking for more of these as gifts for my friends.
REVIEW: I bought it as a gift...unique
REVIEW: These are a show stopper! The color, style, and craftsmanship are off the charts. They are wonderful I absolutely love them I cannot say enough about them. I’m going to buy the purple version of these. It even comes with an adorable box. My granddaughter who doesn’t like earrings at all wants a pair
REVIEW: Bought 2 sets of earrings (gold and darker - copper?) as gifts.  They are absolutely adorable and I may even buy the matching necklace.
REVIEW: These are beautiful. My wife loves them and I am now tasked with finding her a matching necklace.
REVIEW: Need to come in other colors.
REVIEW: I just received these earrings and I can say without a doubt that I am not disappointed!  I love the beautiful turquoise color from found old mason jars.  I wondered if they would be a little heavy on my ears.....they are not!  I am very sensitive to any nickel in jewelry and these earrings have no nickel which is a plus, plus in my book!  You won't regret your purchase with these beauties!
REVIEW: These earrings are beautiful.<br />Love the different shape of these earrings.<br />The matching necklace makes a this a perfect combination.<br />Definitely recommend these earrings.<br />They would make a great gift for friends or family
REVIEW: Bought two pairs as gifts for sisters!  I loved them and so do they!  Well worth the price.
REVIEW: After buying a similar pair for myself and loving them, I bought these for a friend as a gift. Beautiful and very light weight. Plus they're made from vintage Mason jars.
REVIEW: I am so glad I bought these! The color is vivid, the earrings are light enough to wear all day, and the packaging is great for gifts.
REVIEW: Love these earrings.  The color is clean and beautiful.  They are made very well.
REVIEW: They were very pretty a gift that she loved. Well made very pretty.
REVIEW: Just as described
REVIEW: Everyday fine!!
REVIEW: I loved the color and the design
REVIEW: Gift. Recipient loved them!
REVIEW: Those earrings are beautiful! And I am so proud of the history😊
REVIEW: Lovely little earrings and well packaged in a nice little box for gifting.
REVIEW: Very small
REVIEW: Very pretty and very unique earrings.
REVIEW: They’re not only beautiful but very light weight and easy to wear
REVIEW: They are more turqoise than picture shows. However I wear them and like the fact they are light weight
REVIEW: These are wonderful. I have nothing bad to say.
REVIEW: These are so much better looking in person. I love them and get compliments every time I wear them.
REVIEW: super cool!
REVIEW: The earrings are so pretty and I would probably buy another pair as a gift for someone!
REVIEW: Looks great
REVIEW: I absolutely love Bottled Up Designs earrings. They are very well made and the glass 'drop' fills the cage. The vintage blue is very pretty.
REVIEW: I made a list of wants for Christmas for my husband and these beautiful earrings were on there. Of all the gifts I opened, these were my absolute favorite things! They are beautifully crafted, lightweight, comfortable, and just stunning! I’ll be buying more products from this company in the future!
REVIEW: Bought these for a Christmas gift for my wife. She was so pleased with them because of the look of the subtle blue glistening through the silver bird cage. They hang at the perfect height where they are classy but not gaudy. We stopped at the local grocery store and the cashier stopped and complimented my wife on her earrings. My wife told her I had bought them and I got all the points from her and my wife. I’ll look for more of this artists work.
REVIEW: The earrings fell apart even before I could wear them. Cheaply made. I want a refund!!!
REVIEW: Very cute & unique!
REVIEW: Well made & beautiful handcrafted earrings!
REVIEW: These look great & are well made.
REVIEW: Great little dangle earring. One if KH favorites
REVIEW: Love these earrings. I get a lot of compliments
REVIEW: I just love the way they look I’ve had a lot of comments on them that they were very beautiful
REVIEW: These are so beautiful. Very happy I purchased them. Love the color and the shine. Well made. I love these earrings.<br />Great purchase!!
REVIEW: Very pretty jewelry.  I got the earrings and the necklace to match.  I love them!
REVIEW: Got for my daughter.  She loved them.
REVIEW: Love these earrings and overjoyed with the use of repurposed materials.
REVIEW: Love them. Being recycled old canning jars makes them special to me. They are beautiful.
REVIEW: So very pretty. I got these for my mothers bday and she liked them. Well made and unusual.
REVIEW: My husband gave to me as a little gift.  You don’t even know they are in your ears. And a story to go with them.
REVIEW: I get tons of compliments on these earings. Surprisingly, alot of  women are aware that this is recycled glass and we all love that this being repurposed for something so beautiful!!
REVIEW: These earrings are lovely.  I am very pleased with the style and color.
REVIEW: They are beautiful. They look just like they do in the picture. Already received many compliments.
REVIEW: Wife loves them
REVIEW: I love these earrings and the color.  I would like to suggest a different type backing for the back of the earring.  My fingers were challenged a bit.
REVIEW: Beautiful
REVIEW: My Wife loved them.
REVIEW: Nice color but the size was smaller than expected. No vintage looking at all
REVIEW: Absolutely love them!!
REVIEW: Beautiful and my sister in law loved them!
REVIEW: Price excellent beautiful gift , craftsmanship great
REVIEW: Christmas gift I know you want a in-depth review of it inner works and how its enrich my life and brought my family closer together or how I get laid more.  uh nope read the next one Merry Christmas
REVIEW: I was amazed with how much I love these! Even prettier in person
REVIEW: .&#34;These earings are absolutely beautiful! Yiu cant do them justice in the pictures. When in ligjt they just glisten. Im awestruck. They were purchased as a gift with discount code but this seller has found a life time customer. Ive already ordered another pair!
REVIEW: I love how unique these earrings are and that they come with the story of the glass.
REVIEW: Get lots of compliments when I wear them. Great  price. I'd  buy again
REVIEW: These are awesome! Unique earrings and a great gift idea.  Love how they hang and they catch your eye.  Love them!
REVIEW: I Love them! They were a gift to myself and I really love them!
REVIEW: Earrings are beautifully made and lightweight. Repurposeing the antique glass into beautiful jewelry perfect for gifting. Plan to order more
REVIEW: I'm so pleased!  They are beautiful.  I'm a fan of vintage glass.  Exceeded my expectations at that price.  I will order again.
REVIEW: Very cute earrings, happy with purchase.  Cute packaging.
REVIEW: My wife loves these and gets complimented on them regularly
REVIEW: Bought these for my sister, she loved them.
REVIEW: Beautiful,  lightweight earrings.  Love the color and design and feel elegant when wearing them.
REVIEW: These are gorgeous! Gave them to my step mom for Christmas and she loved them.
REVIEW: I gave it as a gift and my friend loves it!
REVIEW: Bought these for my Mother for her B-day. She collects Mason jars so I knew these would be a hit! She LOVED them so much. Very well made and came in a nice box with details all about them. Super Awesome and so pretty and I will be buying another pair for my Aunt soon.
REVIEW: These are beautiful and quality made. I will order again from this company. I love how unique they are!
REVIEW: This was a gift and it was an instant hit!!!!
REVIEW: Beautiful and well made. I am so happy with this purchase!
REVIEW: Cute earrings
REVIEW: Spectacular! I love how delicate and pretty these are. And didn't leave green streaks on my ears :D.
REVIEW: Love these beautiful earrings!  Plus the price is good.
REVIEW: These are small earrings but very pretty.
REVIEW: light weight and beautiful! Wish I had thought of it!
REVIEW: delivered as promised
REVIEW: I bought this pair of earrings as gifts for several of my friends. Now I plan to buy them for my daughter for Mother's Day.<br />They are just the right size and so beautiful and everyone I gave them to absolutely loves them!<br />I might even buy a pair for myself as my own Mother's Day gift.
REVIEW: These earrings are very sweet, and the color is lovely.  I'm glad I got them; the workmanship is very good, as well.  I'm getting tired of all the &#34;honest&#34; reviews out there, so let me state that I did NOT get ANY discounts or free products; I really do think the earrings are good quality!
REVIEW: The glass in the earrings catches the light in an amazing way.  They appear almost to be lit from within!  These are very bright and eye-catching, not too large, but also not so small as to be unnoticeable.  I found them lightweight enough to wear without inflicting pain on my lobes.  This is a beautiful pair of earrings, great with jeans or dressier clothing.
REVIEW: Beautiful! Bought them for a friend. Super fast shipping. Wish I had bought a pair for me.
REVIEW: These are beautiful!!
REVIEW: Beautiful work
REVIEW: I bought these as a gift for my daughter who collects the vintage blue mason jars. She’s going to love them. They are very well-made and shipping was super fast
REVIEW: Got these for my (very wealthy) sister-in-law.  And she truly loved them.  They really are pretty.
REVIEW: Beautiful color and lovely craftsmanship. A little on the small side, but really happy with these earrings.
REVIEW: Very pretty.
REVIEW: I bought these for my mother for her birthday and she loved them.  They are boxed and very nicely packaged.  They are a great quality and light enough not to pull on ear lobes.  I would order them again.
REVIEW: Love these vintage earrings.  Gorgeous color.  Perfect size.
REVIEW: Gave these as a gift to an earring collector. They stand out and look beautiful on her.
REVIEW: Pretty
REVIEW: I bought these for my daughter-in-law for Christmas. I wasn't sure how they would look in person. They are simply beautiful! I love the silver design and the blue glass inside. It comes on a card explaining how the earrings are made which is perfect. They're a good size and not too big. I think she will really like these! May order some of the other designs for more gifts or for myself...very happy with purchase.
REVIEW: She Liked them
REVIEW: My new favorite earrings! Lightweight for comfort. Beautiful color and design have generated many compliments. Love the idea of recycling vintage glass. Now I want the matching necklace.
REVIEW: These were a little disappointing. They did not resemble the picture here in the least. In the description the picture showed the wire with a gorgeous vintage patina and when they arrived the metal was a bright, cheap-looking silver. I looked again at the description and noted that the picture has been changed! I like the fact that the seller includes a nice card describing how she collects the glass but I am just not that impressed with this product for the price- which is sad because I thought I’d found a great gift idea! Perhaps other styles don’t look as cheap!
REVIEW: Beautiful!
REVIEW: These are beautiful exactly as advertised.  They are nice and light weight but very detailed.  Also I loved that information was included in where the glass was from that was used to make the earrings.
REVIEW: The earring are absolutely beautiful. I have received many compliments while wearing these. I recently had a waitress ask where I purchased these because she wanted a pair just like them. She wrote down what they were called so she could go online to purchase. I will be purchasing other pairs.
REVIEW: These were for my mother and she loves them
REVIEW: A little heavy. Beautiful  though.
REVIEW: Just really nice. I got a lot of compliments wearing them.
REVIEW: I almost ALWAYS wear my gold hoops, but I bought these to match a turquoise dress I picked out (from Amazon) for a special occasion. They are very pretty and seem to be made well. Light weight, but not so much they flop around. Good buy, will keep them for many years
REVIEW: Such a beautiful idea  and  really nice.
REVIEW: Unique and a great color.
REVIEW: Bought two for gifts.  Both recipients loved them, thought they were beautiful and especially loved the fact that they were made with recycled glass.
REVIEW: I gave these as a gift to a co-worker and she loves them.  She wears them all the time.  They're light weight and the teal of the mason jar is such a wonderful color.
REVIEW: This jewelry is gorgeous. I love the turquoise glass. Really pretty. I gave it four stars because the earring part bent easily when I put in on.
REVIEW: These are really pretty! Would definitely buy again.
REVIEW: They are just ask you see in the picture.  I really like them.  They are well made.
REVIEW: Beautiful earrings. Love the story behind them.
REVIEW: Absolutely beautiful!!  I have received many compliments!
REVIEW: Cute but i don't believe they are what they claim
REVIEW: Really pretty earrings, well made, need a pair in every color!
REVIEW: I ordered these for my Mom for Mothers Day... She loved them! They arrived in a cute box as well! Would def order from again!
REVIEW: These are my favorite pair of casual ear rings.  Beautiful
REVIEW: Absolutely unique and a great gift or keep for yourself.
REVIEW: These were birthday gifts for my daughter. Even though I ordered them a bit late, meaning they gave a delivery date a day after her birthday, they actually were delivered on her birthday and she loves them!!
REVIEW: At first they look so cute, after some use they turn green.
REVIEW: Love love love them!!!
REVIEW: Just as stunning from a distance as they are close up.  The perfect gift for the perfect wife, she wore them immediately and the very next day to work, despite receiving multiple pairs of earrings on the occasion.
REVIEW: Color was fabulous and lounge the idea of recycled glass
REVIEW: Love the color of the recycled glass & the workmanship of the silver!
REVIEW: They are very nice. They were a gift for my painting teacher and she really loved them. They came packaged in a box with information about what they were made of. Very tasteful.
REVIEW: These arrived quickly, and they are even prettier in person.
REVIEW: These are just beautiful. Nice size, good color. Great gift for anyone!
REVIEW: Gorgeous!
REVIEW: Got these as a gift for my sister. She loved them! They are so pretty!
REVIEW: I bought these for a friend for her Birthday. They are unique and beautiful. The fact that they come with a little history of their origin made them even more desirable. They are a little smaller than I was expecting, but not too small. I want a pair for me!
REVIEW: They are fantastic, they look just likeI hoped they would. I am very pleased wth my purchase!
REVIEW: These earrings are awesome!!
REVIEW: I bought them for my sister for her bday present and she loved them.  They look just like the photo and the weight is perfect.  She has worn them constantly and still good as new.  Thank you!
REVIEW: These are absolutely gorgeous!  I have ordered the pendant as well. These are a gift for my adult daughter (and I am really wanting to keep them for myself, definitely going to be ordering more) and I can't wait to give her the earrings an the pendant.  I know she is going to love them as much as I do!  UPDATE:  She loved them!!!
REVIEW: The recycled Mason Jar earrings looked really cute on line.  I loved the color but they are really inexpensive looking in hand.  I was about to return these when I saw I had missed the deadline by a couple days.  So much for working extra hours to pay bills :(
REVIEW: Beautiful earrings! Purchased as a gift but I love them so much I am keeping them!! Love the story behind the piece!
REVIEW: My sister in law loved these. They are more beautiful on!
REVIEW: I gave these to my Mom for Mother’s Day and she loved them. She loved the story of how they were made. We both love prospecting for old glass bottles, agates, stones, fossils etc. They are beautiful and we both love how they were created.
REVIEW: Beautiful and always complimented when I wear them. Excellently made.
REVIEW: I love these! I get asked about them every time I wear them!
REVIEW: These are absolutely gorgeous. Pictures don’t do them justice. I wore them once and got many compliments. The little story card about the glass was a nice inclusion. Will definitely be ordering more from this seller
REVIEW: Came incredibly quick and the product is even more beautiful than the pictures!
REVIEW: I bought these for myself. I like unique jewelry. These fit right in. They are lightweight and very pretty.
REVIEW: Beautiful. Thank you!
REVIEW: I love them and the story behind the earrings.
REVIEW: Love these. Gave them to my daughter, they look so pretty on and very expensive looking. She gets compliments all the time.
REVIEW: My wife loves them. She says the go with everything.
REVIEW: Was worried these would be heavy, pleasantly surprised they are not. The branding is just amazing, loved the packaging and the story that goes along with each item. I will definitely be purchasing more from this sweet company.
REVIEW: The product came just as advertised. Was a big hit!
REVIEW: These are so, so pretty and I just loved the little note that came with them about the history of the glass. Thanks!
REVIEW: These earrings were a gift from me for our daughter's scaled-down COVID wedding. Her "something blue". :)  I love that there is a history behind the pieces of jewelry.  What made these earrings so special is that they were crafted in Pennsylvania...not far from the brides birthplace. ❤ Just purchased a bracelet for her Christmas gift that will go perfectly with the earrings.
REVIEW: Love these earrings! Very nice!
REVIEW: My daughter loved these earrings!
REVIEW: Truly unique,beautifully crafted earrings. I bought them for an artist friend who has a knack for picking out perfect jewelry and she loved them! Immediately put them on. I'm planning to buy for myself. Wonderfully sized, not have at all (she has a tiny head!)
REVIEW: These earrings exceeded my expectations, they are really beautiful.  I gave to a co-worker who only likes really unique, different earring styles and she loves them.  Now I have to buy a pair for myself.  LOL.
REVIEW: Pretty addition to inexpensive jewelry collection. Dress up or dress down with attractive and playful looking earrings.
REVIEW: Love these.
REVIEW: I purchased these earrings based on other reviews. The earrings are beautiful and are exactly as described. I have worn them several times and each time someone comments on how lovely and unique they are.
REVIEW: Gift to Stepmother for Mothers Day and she really liked them.  Also she liked that company sent info on their "recycled jewelry" company.
REVIEW: I love the color and style
REVIEW: Beautiful. Exactly as pictured. Fast delivery.
REVIEW: My wife is so in love with vintage jewelry and she really, really loves these. Ladies and gentlemen, get them for that special person in your life if they like this kind of jewelry.
REVIEW: I love these earrings! I have a curly, wavy, mess of shoulder-length, auburn colored hair and these earrings can still be seen. They are beautifully intricate, delicate-looking and well made.  The cardstock the earrings are attached to tells the history of the glass that was used in making the earrings. Nice touch. I am definitely going to buy more of this designer's work.
REVIEW: Beautiful.. as we love blue mason jars!!
REVIEW: I gifted the earrings to my daughter for Christmas. She really liked them and they looked great on her. I would recommend them to anyone.
REVIEW: Pretty but seemed so shiny like manufactured. I thought they would be more  artisan looking.
REVIEW: These earrings are so cool! I got them as a gift and wanted to keep them for myself.
REVIEW: I LOVE these earrings & get compliments all the time.  These are one of my favorites to wear.
REVIEW: As described
REVIEW: Absolutely beautiful!  I liked these so much that I also ordered a pair as a gift. They are the perfect length and weight. The glass is such a pretty shade and is even more amazing when light shines through. Would definitely recommend!
REVIEW: My new favorite earrings. Excellently made. Just ordered two more pairs after one of my pet emu stole one right off my ear!
REVIEW: I purchased these as an extra gift for a family member but I think I may keep them for myself. They are so pretty and the story behind them is one of a kind. I would definitely recommend for someone who likes unique gifts.
REVIEW: Beautiful!! Came in a nice gift box which was perfect because these were given as a gift.
REVIEW: love them!
REVIEW: Pretty!
REVIEW: These earrings are very nice.  They seem to be well crafted and are unique, not something you see everyday.  I think our friend will really enjoy them!
REVIEW: Much more beautiful up close!  Made from recycled, broken Mason Jar glass that was salvaged from the area around the artist's home in Pennsylvania.  Loved this pair and my wife wears them often, with love.
REVIEW: These earrings look great and I like it they are made from recycled mason jars
REVIEW: So unique in design and color. Dressy or casual outfit. Extremely well crafted. So many compliments when I wear. Most importantly this item is from repurposed materials. Live the idea of buying something that is “upcycled.”
REVIEW: These drop earrings are a nice pop of color!  I've received many compliments when I wear them.  The size is great, not oversized and not too small.  Not heavy, and made with quality materials that have not caused any irritation while wearing.
REVIEW: Not what I expected.  Very cheap looking.  Probably won’t wear them!
REVIEW: Love these earrings!  Quality craftsmanship. Made in the USA. Highly recommend!!
REVIEW: My wife absolutely lives the earrings. So happy with this purchase
REVIEW: I got this for my mom for Christmas and now she's showing it off to her coworkers and they want to know where she got them! She absolutely adores them and put them on as soon as she got them. She finds it awesome!
REVIEW: Beautiful earrings. Well made. Thank you.
REVIEW: As described.  Love them!
REVIEW: A little on the tiny side, comparatively but alright.
REVIEW: Very pretty and sparkly and have the added pleasure of knowing that these and their many other styles are made with recycled glass..
REVIEW: Love these earrings. The blue is gorgeous.I highly recommend them!
REVIEW: Just beautiful!!
REVIEW: They are fun and beautiful!
REVIEW: These earrings are beautiful. They are delicate but don't feel like they're going to break or wear out easily, they feel like they're going to stand the test of time. They are a great length. Nice for short hair as well as long hair and catch the light beautifully when hair is pulled back. I also love that they are handmade, it just makes them more special. That they are made from mason jars was the reason I purchased them, they were a gift to my mother who preserves food using mason jars. My sisters and I learned from her and I can remember being in the kitchen as a young girl with four generations of the women in my family...so these earrings told a story for us too which I just loved!
REVIEW: very nice earring, I like it so much. Thanks
REVIEW: Beautiful and classy earrings... lovely gift.
REVIEW: Gorgeous!! Love that the glass is recycled!! I get so many compliments on these earrings!!
REVIEW: Gift and they were loved.
REVIEW: I gave these to my sister and she’s in love with them !!
REVIEW: Wife loved them
REVIEW: These are really beautiful!  I purchased them as a gift for my daughter and can’t wait to see how much she’s going to love them!
REVIEW: I love these earrings.  What a great way to recycle vintage and make it new.  I would definitely recommend them to any buyer.
REVIEW: Love earrings nothing disliked.  Very unusual.
REVIEW: I love earrings and always ask for them as gifts. Hubby bought this pair for me and I love them. They are light weight and really bright.
REVIEW: These earrings are delicate. The main glass story with them makes it even better! A great purchase. I would order from them again.
REVIEW: they are so pretty. exactly as described.
REVIEW: These a beautiful. I love them. They appear to be a different color on different lighting. Shipped on time and fast.
REVIEW: GORGEOUS!!!!!!
REVIEW: I normally like to feel jewelry before buying because it's usually a fairly personal choice, but these earrings were charming and I couldn't stop thinking about them after saving them to a list for a couple weeks.  Happily, they are as shiny as they look in the images.  Indeed, I think the seller should put in more images showing relative size and how the light through the unique design makes the glass almost glow.  It's a really nice effect, and I'm very happy with these earrings.  Also, I really can't tolerate heavy earrings, and was relieved these are quite reasonable weight; I was afraid the glass might end up being surprisingly heavy, but they're just fine. Lastly, they arrived in a branded cardboard box, and packaged safely.
REVIEW: These are very pretty and well made . I love how they look for everyday or dress up. Color is pretty and sparkles.
REVIEW: Very cute earrings
REVIEW: Pretty but I don't think the glass is really from mason jars.  The color doesn't match any of my vintage jars.
REVIEW: These are so nice and colorful. My wife will love them I'm sure. I can tell you care about your product.  I will look at your other pieces, and definitely order from you again at some point. Thank you very much.
REVIEW: Really pretty.
REVIEW: Bought these for my GF and she loves them.  Great quality, look and comfort according to her.
REVIEW: The earrings are gorgeous, and the photos here don't do them justice. I ordered them as a gift, but tempted to keep them for myself!
REVIEW: These appealed to me both for how they looked, and also because I love the fact they are recycled from old broken Mason jars.  I ordered these as a gift for a friend who embraces the 'farmhouse' style, and uses Mason jars extensively in her decorations.  I thought she'd appreciate the look and the story of origin.  She did!  They are a nice size - big enough to notice, but not so big you can't wear them every day. Light picks up the glass through the metal cage so the aqua color has a nice glow.  Really beautiful.  I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.  However, I've already been back to this seller's site on Amazon.  I will likely order additional pieces for myself or gifts.
REVIEW: These are beautiful earrings! The glass inside the little cages really catches the light. They are also lightweight and easy to wear.
REVIEW: Very pretty boss loved her gift and special touch made from Mason jars.
REVIEW: I purchased these as a gift for my mom.  She gets compliments on them every time she wears them.  The craftsmanship is stunning. The only thing I would suggest is that the earring did not come with any posts to hold in place because they are hoops.  It has fallen out of my mom's ear, but luckily she noticed it when it happened and did not lose the earring.  That's the only reason these earrings did not get five stars.
REVIEW: I like them. They are different from and buy able.
REVIEW: About to give as a Christmas gift.  Pleased that they appear as nice as in the picture, and seem as though they are well worth the money.  I hope they're a hit with the recipient.
REVIEW: One of the earrings was damaged when I received it. I contacted the seller and she immediately sent me a replacement pair. They are very pretty and unique.
REVIEW: They are light weight and look beautiful
REVIEW: I love these earrings, bought them for a friend, but had to keep them for myself
REVIEW: not what i though they would look like sent back
REVIEW: delivered as promised
REVIEW: They were larger than expected and the bead is more of a bright turquoise instead of the "mason jar blue".  I honestly question if these are recycled jars at all and not just a plastic bead.  I wanted to return but missed the deadline.
REVIEW: Well made.  Love the idea of recycled glass.  Nice look and not too heavy
REVIEW: I was pleased to gift the earrings. very nice quality
REVIEW: I love the idea of vintage mason jars and these earrings are well made and look even better than the picture. Will be ordering a few more pairs for my daughters
REVIEW: Love these, received compliments
REVIEW: These were a gift and my giftee just loves the earrings.  She said, &#34;Recycled: check.  Mason Jars: check.  Beautiful: check&#34;.
REVIEW: A gift for my wife who collects interesting mason jars.
REVIEW: 10
REVIEW: Bought these for Christmas for my daughter .<br />She loves them !
REVIEW: Absolutely beautiful!
REVIEW: These are really pretty. I'd had them on my radar for several years and I love them.
REVIEW: Beautiful!
REVIEW: That's what my daughter said when I gave them to her as a gift. She gets many compliments and she loves explaining their background history.
REVIEW: Simply beautiful. Quality made earrings.
REVIEW: Given as a gift, recipient loves them!
REVIEW: Earrings are super cute and comfortable to wear.
REVIEW: good size.  VERY blue like the picture.  good quality
REVIEW: I had looked at these earrings for quite some time and finally decided to purchase them.  They are lovely, well made, and quite light weight.  The shipping was prompt and they are exactly as advertised.  I am thrilled that I purchased them.
REVIEW: Beautifully made, but beware if you can't wear certain metals. Description says surgical steel, but wire inflamed my earlobe and the wire turned black overnight. Unfortunately, I can't wear them.
REVIEW: Really pleased with the earnings!! They are so pretty and I love how they were made!
REVIEW: Beautiful earrings. Sent out as a present
REVIEW: These earrings are so much more beautiful in person! The craftsmanship is excellent, and the color of the recycled glass is stunning. We will definitely shop with them again!
REVIEW: Love them!
REVIEW: Very pretty
REVIEW: I love these earrings they're really pretty shiny I love the color of the Mason and I would highly recommend them I get lots of compliments
REVIEW: Got these as a gift for my sister. She loved them! They are so pretty!
REVIEW: They were a birthday gift for a friend. She loves mason jars so it was perfect for her.
REVIEW: They are beautiful! Love them
REVIEW: These are super cool earring that she adores!
REVIEW: Love the color & the size is great. One earring is only about the size of my fingernail on my index finger. They are light so they don’t pull down on your earlobe.  Just beautiful!
REVIEW: Very pretty, well-made earrings. Look even better in person. Handmade & comfortable + lightweight so they don't pull on the ears. Definitely make a nice gift & happy with the purchase. A+
REVIEW: After reading so many glowing reviews, I couldn't wait to get them. Sadly, they weren't what I'd expected.<br /><br />They are a little large, but I could've overlooked that. What disappointed me was the unflattering, cheap looking brightness of the silver - which couldn't even be salvaged by the pretty colored glass inside. It was so unappealing that I never even bothered opening the little plastic bag they came in.<br /><br />They were returned back to Amazon within hours of delivery. Perhaps someone else out there will better appreciate them - just not me.
REVIEW: Got these for my girlfriend for Christmas also, and YES SHE LOVES THEM! Well be ordering the matching necklace for her soon!
REVIEW: These were a gift for my mom.  They arrived on time and we're even more beautiful in person.  She loves them.  They are light, delicate and appear to be very well made.  Definitely recommend!
REVIEW: My husband bought me these for my birthday and I just love these earrings!! I get so many compliments when I wear them.
REVIEW: Are you thinking these look pretty but you’re on the fence because they’re a little pricey? Buy them! You will realize they’re worth the price for the quality and beautiful craftsmanship when you see them in person. Every detail the seller put into these is special. And you will feel special wearing them.
REVIEW: Very pretty, the lil blue pieces of glass are so neat!!!!
REVIEW: These were advertised as hyper allergenic but broke me out badly😕 nice otherwise!
REVIEW: Beautiful
REVIEW: I love the craftsmanship and knowing they are made from recycled glass. Very pretty and perfect size
REVIEW: Was
REVIEW: Wow, what an amazing and unique piece of jewelry! Truly a piece of art!!! I love the history behind the glass. What a great way to recycle glass and keep it relevant. Highly recommend!!!<br />⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
REVIEW: Bought these for the girlfriend. She loved them. The aqua blue is her favorite color and she love it. good quality as well. she wears them often since I bought them for her.
REVIEW: Got the Mrs some Tiffany's but 'hid' the 'real' gift in plain site by ordering these off of her wish list(as this year it's a bit hard to hide gifts with everyone home).<br /><br />Of course she liked the blue box but I was a bit blown away how pretty these are for the price!  Not sure long long term if the finish will stay as brilliant as new but considering you don't wear earrings 24/7 if someone said these were $200 I would believe them.
REVIEW: Gorgeous earrings!
REVIEW: This was purchased as a gift and she loved them. She said they where light weight not heavy and the color is lovely.
REVIEW: When I receive they were exactly the they look when I saw them ,they are beautiful. I  was not disappointed.
REVIEW: Super Cute!
REVIEW: These are beautiful!  Purchased as a gift for a friend, and she loves them, too!
REVIEW: I love them
REVIEW: I absolutely love these beautiful earrings! Even better than I imagined.  I'll definitely buy other items from her! And super fast shipping
REVIEW: My daughter broke these the first time she wore them.  They are pretty, though.
REVIEW: Thede were cute, but not quite as dainty as I was hoping for. They were nice, just a little more rugged than delicate. I probably wouldn't have purchased them as a gift from a store, but our recipient still seemed to enjoy them.
REVIEW: Nice light-weight earrings which have a terrific pop of color. Love them.
REVIEW: These were a gift for my sons choir teacher & she loves them. Most admit I was tempted to keep them for myself. Absolutely beautiful creation and craftsmanship. Love this whole recycled glass jewelry idea. Oh and they came in a box with a card describing where the idea came from. Love love love them
REVIEW: Personal use.  Casual look.  Received numerous compliments.  Will be buying duplicate for Christmas gift and also other varieties of earrings and rings from  artist.
REVIEW: I haven’t wore earrings in ages but these were so pretty I went ahead and got them.  I’m so glad I did, I love them and everyone complements them when 8 wear them.
REVIEW: I bought these for my daughter-in-law for Christmas. I was so pleased with them I ordered another set for my other daughter in law. Very delicate. The picture doesn’t do them justice. I might even order another pair or two for myself and a friend.
REVIEW: The earrings are cute… even received a compliment from someone I didn’t know!!
REVIEW: Super pretty
REVIEW: Sometimes you just want to buy yourself a present! These have been my go-to earrings ever since they arrived.<br />Lightweight, pretty, just plan nice!!
REVIEW: A nice unique piece well made
REVIEW: Lovely lovely gift!
REVIEW: There do not look like the picture. They are very cheap looking and I believe that they look like children’s ear rings
REVIEW: Lovely design. Not too heavy. Good length. Color true to the picture. Boxed and packaged nicely with an attached card explaining the history of the glass. I have sensitive skin and the metal is not an irritant. These are good for an upscale evening or a casual jean day.<br /><br />*Received half off regular price for my honest opinion. I've owned mine for 6 weeks and have worn them on several occasions*
REVIEW: Bought both the earrings and the necklace. Very happy with both
REVIEW: Very pretty but after only a year the brass is showing through and cannot wear them in this discolored state. Not worth the cost for only one year of wear. Sad because I really liked them.
REVIEW: Very satisfied! I wear often...
REVIEW: Very pretty!
REVIEW: Nice work, great craftsman, lite on the ears, awesome conversation piece to wear.
REVIEW: I usually do not give five stars to a product because I always find something wrong. But I now have to make an exception! These earrings are beautiful. I purchased these as a birthday gift for a friend. She fell in love with them. She later purchased the necklace! Great story behind the product too.  I didn't want to give them away so I purchased a pair for myself.
REVIEW: Nice
REVIEW: These are beautiful.  Love them.
REVIEW: Love, love, love! Unique, outstanding quality, and beautiful!
REVIEW: Buy these earrings. Very pretty. Classic design. Dangles and catches the light. Coordinates well with turquoise jewelry, or as a stand alone contrast piece. Very well made.
REVIEW: Absolutely beautiful !!<br />Great seller, great experience.<br />Thank you .
REVIEW: Got these for my mom she loves them really neat
REVIEW: These are so cute! My SIL wanted unique earrings and she loves mason jar thing and I came across these and one my goodness they are so beautiful! Very nicely made!!! Love love love.
REVIEW: Beautiful earrings! Giving to a dear friend for her birthday. She's going to love them.
REVIEW: My wife absolutely loves these and I'm really glad I bought them they have an artisan feel to them sturdy well-made and gorgeous. Very nice work. Very nice product. I highly recommend these.
REVIEW: These are very nice.  I like the fact they are made from recycled glass.
REVIEW: Very, very nice.<br />Especially since they sent 2 sets by accident. Lol.
REVIEW: the earring are beautiful .....they are a gift and i havent given them yet but im sure she will love them ♥
REVIEW: I find myself wanting to wear these every day!
REVIEW: I bought these for my mom for her birthday as these are her favorite color. They are so lightweight and comfortable that she literally never takes them off...workouts, showers, sleeping, etc. They are very cute and vibrant!
REVIEW: She loved them...
REVIEW: Loved the color and workmanship.  Will probably visit this jewelry site again. Beautiful color.
REVIEW: So cute, and I love the story behind them.  They aren't nearly as big as I thought they were going to be - which is a good thing, as I didn't want something too large.  Love them.
REVIEW: Bought as a gift for my daughter-in-law, who loves antiques and vintage items.  These are truly lovely. They arrive on a nice card stock, imprinted with a description the reclaimed materials and such.  They are exactly as pictured on the Amazon page. Really adorable and make a wonderful gift.  Very nice quality for a $15 item. I would purchase more items from this Handmade site.
REVIEW: Very well made, beautiful earings
REVIEW: Love love them!!  Will order again for a family member.
REVIEW: These are beautiful and unique.
REVIEW: My wife loved them, got the necklace to.
REVIEW: I gave these to my Mom for Mother’s Day and she loved them. She loved the story of how they were made. We both love prospecting for old glass bottles, agates, stones, fossils etc. They are beautiful and we both love how they were created.
REVIEW: Gave it to a coworker for a gift and she loved it.
REVIEW: These are beautiful earrings and exactly what I expected. The color is just as beautiful as in the pictures. Quality, sturdy craftsmanship. Bought these as a gift for my daughter who loves them along with the mermaid ring. They arrived quickly even during the holiday shopping rush.
REVIEW: Beautiful but heavier than expected
REVIEW: Beautifully made earrings! They were purchase for a gift and they will be perfect!
REVIEW: Awesome earrings. Gave as a gift.
REVIEW: Beautiful
REVIEW: These earrings are just as gorgeous in person. I got them as a gift for my mother and they’re worn daily by her now!
REVIEW: These are nice earrings that are sturdy, beautiful and light.  Glad I bought them.
REVIEW: I love these earrings and get complements every time I wear them.
REVIEW: Very pretty and unique earrings. Had to order twice. First order never came.
REVIEW: These are so pretty, that when I gifted them to my friend, she almost cried.. I almost didn’t give them to her, because I wanted to keep them. I’ll be getting more.
REVIEW: Gave as gifts and the people loved them. Got to get a pair for myself.
REVIEW: Beautiful pieces.
REVIEW: Very beautiful and unique earrings.  Love them!
REVIEW: These were a gift for my sons choir teacher & she loves them. Most admit I was tempted to keep them for myself. Absolutely beautiful creation and craftsmanship. Love this whole recycled glass jewelry idea. Oh and they came in a box with a card describing where the idea came from. Love love love them
REVIEW: nice size and comfortable to wear. love the color and the idea of using recycled material
REVIEW: I love these earrings. They are beautiful and neither too big or too small. I sometimes have trouble with the wire-hook type earrings if they are too heavy, but these are a nice light weight. The color is stunning.
REVIEW: Fabulous craftsmanship! I've bought 3 pairs and it's my "go-to" gift. Light-weight, elegant, affordable and eco-friendly.  We love them and th6 card with the story behind it that is enclosed.  I get so many complaints on them!
REVIEW: These are extremely beautiful and it's so awesome that they are made with recycled glass
REVIEW: These are just as beautiful in person and they are in the picture.  Thank you so much!
REVIEW: Love the style ...just a bit heavy
REVIEW: I adore these earrings.  They are well made, hang beautifully and you will barely notice you are wearing them!  I loved them so much that I ordered a second pair in red!
REVIEW: They were a great gift and very lightweight
REVIEW: I'm returning these.  The advertising and glowing reviews lured me in.  The photo looked really nice.  I don't know if these used to be nicer and newer ones went downhill, or if all those people have a different perception of good quality, or if the reviews are fake  - but the ones I got have really cheap looking metal.
REVIEW: Very nice surprise for an online jewelry purchase! Lovely set of earrings, I was quite comfortable gifting them.
REVIEW: Love them!
REVIEW: they're beautiful ... it is a little smaller than i anticipated --- i believe i'll give as a gift to a teen.
REVIEW: Beautiful! Love that they are made with recycled vintage glass. Look very pretty on. Compliments every time I wear them.
REVIEW: These are really cool, my GF loves em.
REVIEW: Very pretty
REVIEW: I gave these to my Mom for Mother’s Day and she loved them. She loved the story of how they were made. We both love prospecting for old glass bottles, agates, stones, fossils etc. They are beautiful and we both love how they were created.
REVIEW: Gorgeous!! Love that the glass is recycled!! I get so many compliments on these earrings!!
REVIEW: Just happened up on these earrings!  And as I love and collect old blue mason jars from late 1800's and early 1900's, AND, this is one of my favorite colors, I had to have them- Very well made, and there is a chunk of mason jar inside, no sharp edges- and actually lightweight to wear!  A fun piece of history and memory of the jars our moms and grandmoms used!  I don't have a negative- Will probably buy more for gifting.
REVIEW: My lady loves em what ells do ya need
REVIEW: I’ve had these on my wishlist for almost a year, and finally decided to treat myself.  Very happy with this purchase, packaged nice with a story of the glass, and shipped very quickly.  I will most likely purchase other jewelry like it.
REVIEW: They have a nice idea but it wasn’t that craftsmanship that I expected with the interior glass. From the photos I saw It looked more authentic. Maybe a deeper color.
REVIEW: I recently purchased these earrings and OMG... SO BEAUTIFUL... I am so satisfied w/the purchase.  the story of how the earrings were made out of organic material, 1941 Mason Glass is just so sweet and makes me feel as though I am doing something positive for earth...  I will only buy things like this from now on...<br />thank you ...
REVIEW: I thought the earrings were beautiful and were glad they came in time for a birthday gift.
REVIEW: These are amazingly beautiful!! My mom was so surprised and loves them !! It was a great Christmas gift
REVIEW: Love these earrings.  Such a clever design.
REVIEW: Absolutely adorable....I love these and I have the matching necklace...I wear them all of the time and get compliments on them all of the time....light weight and they don't hurt my ears...
REVIEW: They are just as they are described. My wife loves them and the story behind them.
REVIEW: Beautifully packaged, earrings are just delightful ❤❤
REVIEW: These earrings are fantastic. Pretty color and so lightweight.  I want to order some more for gifts.
REVIEW: As advertised, unique eye catching design, reflects light beautifully.  Love the provenance and artisan feel to the earings.  Comfortable to wear, pretty design, perfect gift for a great price.
REVIEW: Good purchase. Color of the &#34;jar&#34; was beautiful bright blue  green , very original , practical earrings at great price . Looks more expensive .
REVIEW: Love this product
REVIEW: So beautiful and I loved that they told you where the glass came from!
REVIEW: i really like the earnings
REVIEW: Arrived crushed, very disappointed
REVIEW: Beautiful, just like the pictures show. Also I love the idea of them being made from recycled blue vintage  Mason jars. Bought a pair for my sister too.
REVIEW: The earnings are absolutely beautiful.<br />They made fantastic Christmas presents to two of the most beautiful and important women in my life.
REVIEW: These earring are so so pretty that I’ve purchased a second pair to give as a CHRISTMAS give to one of my ladies.
REVIEW: I bought these lovely earrings as as gift for a close friend. I was worried about getting something sight unseen, but these were wonderful very nicely displayed in their box, and the earrings are beautiful. I highly recommend.
REVIEW: Very nice the wife really likes them.....
REVIEW: Very pretty - I love the colour and the way the light catches them. Not to heavy - very wearable.
REVIEW: Pretty but the metal they use is kinda cheap looking.  It's good because they are light on my ears but I wanted them to look a little more vintage and with the metal they use they don't .
REVIEW: These are just beautiful. I love them.
REVIEW: Beautiful
REVIEW: They are great, get lots of compliments.
REVIEW: Love the length, the quality, the color, and the uniqueness.
REVIEW: These are beautiful, just as pictured.  I absolutely love them!
REVIEW: I absolutely love them. Would like more colors in the same style. So pretty.
REVIEW: Well made and Beautiful well worth the price.
REVIEW: I liked the concept of recycled vintage jars.
REVIEW: These were so pretty.  I bought them for my mom for Christmas,  she loves them.
REVIEW: Very Chic!!!!  My friend Loved them!!!!!!
REVIEW: These are earrings that can be worn with just about anything..anywhere. They look great with summer colors and beautiful with black or navy. They don't need the competition of heavy necklaces or chains , they can stand out on their own. I have dark hair and they really pop.....packaged appropriately for shipping, arrived on time as promised and are more attractive than the picture.
REVIEW: Really pretty....looked much more expensive than they were.
REVIEW: So pretty
REVIEW: it's the most beautiful earring I own, the color is amazing, want to buy another pair!!
REVIEW: These are really beautiful and unique earrings. I bought a pair for a friend for Christmas, and I liked them so much I ordered a pair for myself. The shipping was incredibly fast, arriving two days before the expected date.
REVIEW: Gorgeous!
REVIEW: Loved these earrings.
REVIEW: I love these!
REVIEW: These are very beautiful, great packaging and great product!
REVIEW: I got them for my wife as an anniversary surprise and she loves them!!
REVIEW: I gave these as a gift to my daughter in law. She loves this color of blue and wears them very often as they match a LOT of her wardrobe. As it turns out, they are made near her hometown in PA. Since we live in GA, this is a little bit of "home" for her as well. GREAT gift!
REVIEW: Hugely disappointed.  See my photos?  The ad photo makes you think these will have a sort of old silver look/vintage look.  They are bright bright silver (cheap looking) and even little ball/bead at the top just before the ear loops doesn’t exist.  They aren’t the same as the ad photo.  And the blue bead inside looks plastic.
REVIEW: They were much smaller than they appeared.
REVIEW: Wife loved these
REVIEW: Wife loved these.  They are very unique
REVIEW: I loved these earrings from the moment I saw them. I love the blue glass inside the cage-like silver design. The earrings seem to be coated in something to keep them from tarnishing.  The glad is recycled from old glass jars and bottles. They are lightweight and I get tons of compliments on them. As they are handcrafted they are not the typical earring.
REVIEW: These are really beautiful.  The color of the glass is stunning.
