REVIEW: Love, love, love, this door mat! I got it as a gift for my mother for Mother’s Day and I can’t wait to give it to her! I can’t get over how good the quality is and the price is right! Also, I was impressed with how quickly my order was filled with it being a personalized item. I will definitely be ordering one for me next!
REVIEW: Purchased this for my gymnastics loving granddaughter. She loves it!
REVIEW: I love it! Ordered a big one for my living room in the hammered gold!
REVIEW: It says THREE. I THOUGHT my friend's little girl was getting three so she could share!!
REVIEW: Just as beautiful as the picture
REVIEW: Nice but for a child.
REVIEW: Very well made!
REVIEW: Very disappointed. Just a printed piece of paper under plastic. I could have done this myself. Ad is very deceiving. I would have rated no stars if I could have.
REVIEW: My daughter LOVED these!!!
REVIEW: The image is the ratio of 11x14 so when it is reduced to 8 x10 the names of the botanical's are cut off when it is in a 8 x10 frame. The image needs to be resized properly to fit into a  8x10 frame.
REVIEW: Mirror as expected. Sturdy. Professional. Packaged well.
REVIEW: Love them, high quality
REVIEW: Great fit very comfortable
REVIEW: Above everything, the colors are amazing. The small size is perfect for finger fiddling. the more i play with it the more I like it.. At first the the rings seemed to get struck but as i play with it more it makes it even better.
REVIEW: IT IS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. EXACTLY WHAT WE WERE LOOKING FOR.
REVIEW: Amazing quality.  Quick shipping. My boys love these prints!
REVIEW: Very few things in life do I "want". I saw this and "wanted".  My secret santa got it for me for Christmas.  It's stunning and the length lets it hang at the right point where others can see it.  Definitely will be purchasing more.
REVIEW: I LOVE my nose ring. I wear it every day and its really tiny and doesn’t look thick. Very comfortable but do not mess with it because it will cause a bump.
REVIEW: Looks good, it was a gift from a friend. I made my own wood mount picture frame.
REVIEW: I love this unique fragrance. Not at all what I expected, but better. I even put a little on my wrists at night before sleeping. The intoxicating scent relaxes me.
REVIEW: Great customized novelty item
REVIEW: Easy & festive - just what we expected
REVIEW: It was beautiful!
REVIEW: These glassses are mega rad and great quality! With a splash of Johnny in there it looks like an amber burning sunset streaming through the trees.<br /><br />I get a lot of complements on them, but the best part is it's a taste of home having moved away from the forests and mountains of the Pacific Northwest. I always hand wash these, so I can't speak to the durability in the dishwasher, but I would for sure recommend these to anyone who likes awesome things.
REVIEW: These are great, easy to read, and nice & big.
REVIEW: The craftsmanship is wonderful.
REVIEW: My grandson had a video game truck and theme for his birthday.  Everyone loved them and easy to remove and apply.  Great product!
REVIEW: Sweet Goldendoodle canvas bag.  Light weight.
REVIEW: good product & Quality
REVIEW: Beautiful dish, heavy and seems like it's great quality so far! Unfortunately I ordered the soft pink and I got a very dark pink, almost red.
REVIEW: I ordered a bracelet from this artist two years ago. I wanted a bracelet to match my identity, made from soft material, that would stay tied on until it broke. I loved that first bracelet so much, and after two years of continuous wear, it finally broke off. So I came back and bought three more bracelets. I LOVE that this creator makes products to represent a wide range of identities, and I’m so happy to buy from an artist. These are beautifully made, high quality, and make me so happy. I’m now wearing all three new bracelets and when they start to break (probably in two years), I’m going to come back and restock. Highly recommend. This trans colors bracelet is so cute. The colors are perfect and bright, and I love it.
REVIEW: I bought this shirt back on January 21st, this is the 2nd time I have washed it, on cold water, perm press cycle and dried on delicate heat setting in the dryer and Chococat is all crusty and faded now. I washed the shirt inside out too with Persil Laundry Detergent. I loved the T-shirt and the quality of the actual shirt but I’m very disappointed in the image turning out like this. You pay $20 + for a shirt that you wore twice looking nice, and then turned out like this.
REVIEW: I purchased the Wicked Witch bookmark. What a creative and fun idea! I can’t wait to get a new book so I can use it.  I will get more of these for stocking stuffers.
REVIEW: I ordered this topper for a big event !! For the price I was thinking is a Metal sing whit crystals like I usually ordered for my cakes for a chipper price but I received the ugly and chipped looking cake topper, I was so disappointed and I have to use this trashy sign because no time to order another one !!!
REVIEW: Love these! My favorite go to...
REVIEW: Product is exactly as described.  Just a print with a nice finish.  I put it in a cheap frame and it looks fine.  Will probably move it to a wooden frame to keep with the distressed look better but I like it.
REVIEW: My husband loves this, it fits well and has plenty of sizing room, the stones are good quality and the entire thing has nice craftsmanship.
REVIEW: Funny
REVIEW: A work of art!  Came well packaged.  The movement is very different then what you find on the cheap wall clocks.  It’s not only quiet but keeps very accurate time. The hands are very easy to read from a distance.<br />Don’t think twice. You won’t regret spending the money.
REVIEW: It was exactly what I ordered and what was advertised.
REVIEW: it hard to find a descent mens ring... this is definitely one!
REVIEW: I got this for my cheese loving husband who is also of the age to get the Eurythmics reference. It’s not the most absorbent towel, but we hang it from the stove handle and it cracks us both up on the regular. Nicely screen printed. No fading or wear after 6 months. Great gift.
REVIEW: This was a gift that was sent to a location far away from us.  We did get many thanks from the Parents of the Child that the gift was sent to.  They were very pleased and said the Child  liked the gift. We have seen these in the past and they are really a fine item.
REVIEW: Exactly what I was wanting
REVIEW: It was very pretty.
REVIEW: Picture made it look better. Wasn’t worth the money.
REVIEW: Its made very well. I have a real atocha coin and I can't tell the difference.
REVIEW: I'm so proud of my lettering. They accent the accessory of my home. Love them
REVIEW: Love!!!! Love!!! Love this!!! It is better than I expected. It looks beautiful in the matted frame I chose and is already hanging on my wall. Thank you so much for the excellent quality
REVIEW: Bad copy, poor quality, not worth the price
REVIEW: The prints are really neat and are printed well.  They are exactly as pictured.
REVIEW: I added a white matted frame and it’s perfect.
REVIEW: This is a sticky mess - my son couldn’t even get it off his hands.
REVIEW: Over priced for what you are getting. My 12 year old pulled out a page from and old Oxford dictionary and created the same thing! In a frame you can hardly tell a difference! Definitely a do it your self project. Save your money!
REVIEW: Very cute and glittery
REVIEW: I bought this sign in the wine color with white lettering. It’s absolutely perfect and exactly what I was Looking for! I highly recommend !
REVIEW: Beautiful!
REVIEW: The Monogram looks amazing on our front door. Thank you!!
REVIEW: Very solid decal. Placed in my bathroom a few months ago and no peaking from the wall, even with all the moisture in there.  I have textured walls as well, very impressed!!
REVIEW: Very pretty but a bit to heavy around my neck for me . The cord does not stay where you place it. So I have to constantly adjust. Energy feels good!! I will probably use more for meditation and reiki.
REVIEW: Cute, but I would not recommend paying that much for it.
REVIEW: They are very lightweight, comfortable and great for a gift.
REVIEW: It has a perfumey smell but if you are looking for a real pine smell, nope, not it.
REVIEW: Nice. Went to my local dollar tree and picked up some photo frames for them.
REVIEW: These are beautiful. I have them hung up in our guest bathroom and they look fantastic.
REVIEW: LOVE THE MATERIAL!!! IT DURABLE!! LOVE IT! GLOSSY TOO! :)<br />MY DAUGHTER LOVED IT FOR HER BIRTHDAY
REVIEW: Keeping the feet warm at night<br />Along with the smell
REVIEW: Such an amazing scent!<br />Love fruit loop wax melts!<br />Males my house smell like the cereal for days!
REVIEW: This broke about 3 days after putting it on. The rope is incredibly thin and itchy. cute idea, but NOT worth it.
REVIEW: I ordered this for our granddaughter for Christmas.  It is very sweet, and I know she will love it.  Chain is a bit thin, so I hope it holds up.  Very pretty.
REVIEW: Wish there were more fonts to choose from, had no issues installing. Purchased the gold, it looks great in my daughter's room.
REVIEW: Definitely is a MUST HAVE.
REVIEW: In love w my initials
REVIEW: Quality product, but although I like the individual herbal scents, I don't like how they smell being burned together. There may be something more than sweetgrass, lavender and sage that mess with the overall scent of the incense.
REVIEW: Love this anklet it is great quality.  I never take it off.
REVIEW: OMG what a beauty. We loved . Good quality and looks very nice. tks
REVIEW: Looks great in my bathroom.  I'm very satisfied with this purchase.
REVIEW: very pretty, the person I gave it to was very pleased.
REVIEW: It is on the back side of my front door since I had no stair post to attach it to as history dictates. Love it!
REVIEW: Amazing! Smells wonderful. The scent fills the room without being overwhelming.
REVIEW: Get tons of compliments
REVIEW: It was a great gift
REVIEW: Absolutely loved these. The only bad thing about them was they were not the color that I had ordered and normally I would not care but they were supposed to match my invitations and when I went to contact the person that had made these I was not able to.
REVIEW: Nicely made, Design allows the cards to fall out to easy.
REVIEW: I liked the color.  Just a little too tight, but still good.
REVIEW: My 3 year old granddaughter has been showing an interest in how to spell her name and I thought this would be great... she loves it! The floral design and colors are beautiful and it’s well made. Shipping was very fast.
REVIEW: This is great quality! It’s almost too pretty to use. I love flour sack towels and getting one personalized was the cherry on top.
REVIEW: The product doesn't produce much scent at all.  Even standing next to it, you're lucky to catch the slightest whiff.  When you smell it, it's great.  But you rarely smell it.  Waste of money, to be honest.
REVIEW: Sand dollar is detailed and glass is a nice, deep blue.
REVIEW: I got this for a small tree and I love it. Looks great and I love the look of it.
REVIEW: Arrived fast and are well made!
REVIEW: Really cute dog tag.  Lettering is large and clear, and the wood grain look is elegant
REVIEW: I am so grateful for this product! It was the perfect touch I needed to make my wedding invitations so elegant ant beautiful! Everything was pre folded making it sure easy to put my invitations together. I was happy to also receive a sweet little note from the shop owner thanking me for my purchase. It’s the little things that make a big impact! Will definitely be buying more from this small business again! They went above and beyond my expectations.
REVIEW: This was a little smaller than I thought it would be. I love it anyway. I've only had one doorbell ring since I've had it! LOL
REVIEW: Great light weight have purchased twice now because I love them so much!
REVIEW: Do not fall for the excellent photos! This bracelet is not multi colored like the picture. This is made with plastic beads.
REVIEW: This is so beautiful ! And I love the gift ! I will be buying more !
REVIEW: It arrived and it smells amazing can’t wait to use it
REVIEW: So adorable and functional.  What more could you ask?
REVIEW: Well made.
REVIEW: I LOVED being able to get Testi pots here in the USA! So much fun for dinner parties and watching people’s reactions when you break the pot! Will buy again for our next houseguests dinner. Plan ahead- these are the real deal sent from Turkey.<br /> And the beautiful gift they included was really a nice surprise-
REVIEW: My Smudge is Smudgy-Doo for Spooky Month this year and we used this tag with a teal collar (plus some dog dye for spots) as his costume. It’s not heavy at all. He plays rough so we only put it on him when taking pictures or for Halloween parties/visitors. It hasn’t happened yet but the tag feels like it could easily bust in half so we’re being careful. Also he doesn’t like wearing it when he eats because it clangs against the bowl. So for a costume, it’s great, but don’t buy if you want it to be an everyday dog tag because I can’t imagine it lasting more than a few weeks with that job. Also kind of expensive for what it is.
REVIEW: This ring is beautiful to look at and beautifully made. I'm in Indiana and it took about 12 days for me to receive it in the mail. If you buy this ring you won't be disappointed, this is the 2nd ring I have bought from this company and and have been more than satisfied with both of them.
REVIEW: Wonderful gift for any corgi lover.
REVIEW: Good quality
REVIEW: Great value for the money. Very impressed when package was opened.
REVIEW: THESE LOOK GREAT VERY HAPPY WITH THE PURCHASE THANK YOU
REVIEW: Exactly what I needed the prints look like there picture.
REVIEW: this nose ring is so fun and durable! I have bought other beaded nose rings off of amazon before and they were always too small and dainty while this one is sturdy and noticeable! it is such a nice vibrant green and flatters me well!
REVIEW: Well packed.  Great instructions.  So pretty
REVIEW: Absolutely adorable and eye catching. Bought for my daughter who has my beautiful granddaughter as well as her boyfriends baby boy on board often. Was looking for a sticker to notify emergency services that 2 precious children are in board incase of an emergency, but that would look cute as well. Love it. Love it. Love it. And so does the 2 year old grandbaby!!
REVIEW: Loved these! Super cute and everyone at the party adored them!
REVIEW: Really well made and great gift! My husband bought me one on Etsy that cost him close to $200. I got this one for my cousin and it cost less than $100 and they’re almost identical! Such a great buy!
REVIEW: I like it very much. I framed it in black  and put it in the kitchen. I have always been a tea drinker and our son and his family are stationed in Japan, so this is perfect.
REVIEW: This is a faithful replica of the medal from the film--one couldn't ask for better!
REVIEW: Excellently made. perfect fit. It's even more impressive than the example photos. Absolutely beautiful
REVIEW: Daintier then expected very small chain, tight around her neck
REVIEW: We purchased this item as a gift for my daughters teacher for teacher appreciation week. She loves chalk board items so it was very fitting. Very pleased with the product. Its good quality that will last!!
REVIEW: I thought that it had  adhesive backing
REVIEW: damaged and had to return them
REVIEW: I get so many compliments on these rings, I love them!<br />I have two and I wear them all time and can; one is garnet with emerald and the other is the clear diamondisk look with the amethyst. They are just so exceptional!!!<br />I am over the moon with my purchases.
REVIEW: These earrings are gorgeous. The craftsmanship is top quality and the packaging is thoughtful and very special.  I just ordered a second pair. If this is an indication of their other products I would think they are all first rate!
REVIEW: We got this for our new puppy. She is currently four months old and the fabric is fraying. I would not purchase again.
REVIEW: I put this on a bag that i use every day and so far it’s shown absolutely no signs of wear and tear! i love it!
REVIEW: I did not like this ring a all. Difficult to get in and out. Scratched up my nose badly. And tarnished in a week. Save the money for a good metal.
REVIEW: Awesome
REVIEW: No way for product to get damaged because it was wrapped in three layers. One bag and two kinds of paper. Very good quality.  I will be using them for my harnesses with chains. Thank you!
REVIEW: It’s beautiful!  I’m wearing it!
REVIEW: We purchased this as a birthday gift for a teen who has a corgi. Although the image is photocopied on an actual book page, the colors are very vibrant and the image appears as if it was water colored on the paper. We purchased a frame (no matting) for a more professional look. A very unique gift that was well received by the recipient.
REVIEW: I absolutely love this picture! The quality is great. Very fast shipping. I couldn’t be happier with the way it turned out!
REVIEW: They are very pretty and well made.  There is no snagging and they are fine enough to use w lightweight yarns.
REVIEW: Thought it was going to be flimsy but it wasn't at all. Great quality.
REVIEW: easy to install - quality of material is either OEM or just as good
REVIEW: My ring is gorgeous……but plating wearing off….
REVIEW: Exactly what I wanted!
REVIEW: Sometimes small additions to our homes bring great benefits and enjoyment.  This footstool is one such thing.  I smile every time I use it.<br />The workmanship is flawless.  A joy to behold!
REVIEW: Great quality
REVIEW: Definitely loved these earrings, and they are weightless
REVIEW: Just as described. It's going to work great at my sons graduation party.
REVIEW: Labels were high quality and delivered on time. This is the 3rd time ordering and will be  ordering from them again.
REVIEW: Look in good my lake house
REVIEW: Excellent
REVIEW: The extra big face mask worked perfectly for my husband. It was a good fit:
REVIEW: Product was not the same as picture.  Packaged poorly for shipping.  JUNK
REVIEW: I gave this to a friend for Christmas.  She was attaching it to her key ring, and an arm of the cross broke off in her hand.
REVIEW: Very easy to apply. Looks great under my dart board
REVIEW: Wreath is exactly as stated. Love the size and authenticity
REVIEW: I love this print.  I wish I could order a bigger one too!!  The colors are beautiful.
REVIEW: Lovely simple delicate ring
REVIEW: Pretty nice and chic bracelet.  Great communication with vendor.
REVIEW: Great look and perfect addition to our Thanksgiving table.  However, after all the turkey, gravy, and pie that our guest wiped on the napkins they were in need of a wash.  These do not wash well and may need to be hand washed for repeated use.  Overall we still liked them.
REVIEW: My husbands wedding ring who thought Amazon?!? Right he absolutely loves it though he wanted something different and no where else had this ring except Amazon!! Lol beautiful unique ring!!!!
REVIEW: What really needs to be said about this….
REVIEW: Came out beautiful just was disappointed I. The package which whoped the initial
REVIEW: Quality for a oof competitive price.
REVIEW: The customer lettering options provide a good variety to choose from. The gold sparkly is perfect for my cup! Very happy with this purchase as it suits my personality and cup perfectly! Very easy to apply using the simple instructions included with the order.  This is something I would purchase again - and will be using the services of this company again!
REVIEW: I purchased this nose ring over a year ago, I wore it everyday until I lost it. I loved it and I'm purchasing another one. It's the perfect size not to big not to small.
REVIEW: Love it, it looks amazingly beautiful.
REVIEW: Beautiful, quality piece, with correctly spaced braille. Will order more.
REVIEW: I use this everyday and everyone thinks it’s real would recommend only thing is it’s a little smaller than expected. But it stays on all day if you tighten it.
REVIEW: Love this wedding invitation. Simple but still elegant made of thick paper. Script and design is beautiful. It comes with reception invitation.
REVIEW: Very good quality, looks as pictured, no complaints
REVIEW: I believe it’s the second item that I buy from that seller.<br />I love the items and I love the bracelet, Fashion forward bracelet with lots of style.<br />Thank you.
REVIEW: I used this for a baby mobile. I liked that its more veneer than particle board. Stained easily but it is pretty enough to just be waxed clear.
REVIEW: the stone is original but the metal that supports it deteriorated in the first week that I used it
REVIEW: poor quality.
REVIEW: Funny saying, but really too thin to hang right.
REVIEW: Lo compre en octubre para regalo de Navidad de mi esposo y para sorpresa extremadamente pequeño y nada que ver para el precio, pobre calidad, el vendedor nada que te ayuda simplemente aun diciendole que esta nuevo en su cajita no acepta la devolucion por estar pasado de tiempo. Nada profesional al menos podia ayudar al cliente aunque hiciera un descuento. NO RECOMIENDO HACERLE COMPRAS A ESTE VENDEDOR. 👎👎👎
REVIEW: Whether or not this helps with EMF’s, I’m not sure, but, with all the info out there, why not?<br />The pyramid is a beautiful piece of art. Love the soothing blue color. Packaged with care, delivered quickly, I greatly appreciate the time that was taken to process my order.  And appreciate the gift pendant and all the info on Orgon and crystals. Thank you,God bless!
REVIEW: This oil did not work for me. It was very oily and it smelled awful. I requested a refund but got no response. It also stated that it was sesame oil but the color was more greenish instead of brown.
REVIEW: Nice addition to my daughters first vehicle...she loves her keychain
REVIEW: Adorable earrings to go with the matching pearl necklace. Will definitely buy again
REVIEW: The circles are very thin and don’t lay flat because they are so light weight. Was hoping for something a bit more substantial.
REVIEW: Made my flowers look amazing, I was happy to have my father with me. It was beautiful, looks more amazing in person. the directions provided was easy. all my relatives cried at the sight of it. It made me feel like I had my father with me.
REVIEW: Smells great!! Apple and cinnamon!!
REVIEW: Fast delivery 📦
REVIEW: The smell was great. I used it for general purposes like freshening up my room. The product could have a stronger smell which would make it last longer. The smell doesn't last as long as similar products.
REVIEW: Nice product
REVIEW: I received it ahead of the estimated delivery range. The leather quality is amazing. I am a leather snob because of all the horse tack that I have bought and maintained. This is soft and supple leather. I'm certain it will take oil well in order to maintain it as it ages. I haven't used it yet but it looks and feels like it will last a lifetime. It is exactly as shown and described. Like the other reviewer mentioned I found the pen loop to be awkwardly placed and will end up removing it I believe. I love the personalization. Unfortunately it will not work for my planner because of the spiral biding. I have contacted the seller to see if it can be made a little larger to fit my planner.  Don't be nervous about ordering this from China. It is well worth the wait and the quality is extraordinary especially for the price which I believe is more than fair.
REVIEW: I’ve been wearing this necklace for a week now. I’ve gotten many compliments. I love it soo much! I will definitely recommend this!
REVIEW: They seem like such a fun idea. The size and color of the writing and the font can make them very hard to read.
REVIEW: I have purchased a total of 4 of these rosaries.  After mentioning that the hole of the beads could be smoothed out more so they do not catch on the fingers - the latest purchase has been smoothed out.  Perfect rosary except this will not be mine to keep as it is going to be a gift!
REVIEW: This fits all of my characters! I could probably have made it myself but it still looks great and it was very convenient to buy off of Amazon!
REVIEW: The quality was actually surprising. But it's a very smooth print. I put it in a frame in bathroom and get SO many compliments on it. Great purchase!
REVIEW: Don't hesitate... the quality is of the highest!
REVIEW: Sturdy card
REVIEW: The design is sooo cute. It's a gift for my son's new home as a welcome sign. He's  a baseball fanatic and I know he'll love it!
REVIEW: This purse is a great size for a wallet,  phone, keys and a few extras. It has a terrible cooking oil smell even after a month.
REVIEW: It's thicker than I would like for it to be. Make sure you have a roomy wallet to fit it in. Don’t recommend.
REVIEW: We got this for an orange magic band and it looks really nice. It's a super upgrade for just a few dollars.
REVIEW: As advertised
REVIEW: Beautiful quality!
REVIEW: Bought it for my Grandson. He loved it. Looks very nice. Seems durable. He has only had it for a month so time will tell if it lasts or not. I will update this review if any issue develops.
REVIEW: We wanted a fun way to document our family travels and this map is beautiful and exactly what we were looking for. Good quality, quality customization, fast delivery. A bit pricey but worth it. I do wish it came with more pins.
REVIEW: The product is not really adjustable as described, therefore, it was unuseful to me
REVIEW: Beautiful beautiful layers of color
REVIEW: It is exactly what I was looking for. Beautiful shade of red fading to metal at the top. Absolutely recommend.
REVIEW: I ordered this for my husband for Christmas from our girls and it turned out wonderful!! He loves it!!
REVIEW: This was a gift and the recipient loved it. I spotted a larger one for bracelets that was half the price at a local gift shop after this had been ordered. It’s a beautiful piece, but it’s overpriced.
REVIEW: I have this satchel and I love it. Very spacious inside sometimes I even fit a sweater in it. Goes well for traveling for work and weekends and everywhere I go ladies ask me where did I get it. 😊
REVIEW: Beautiful and great quality.  Look forward to purchasing more in the future!
REVIEW: When ever I wear it I get a lit of compliments about it. It was a little tight, or I just got a big head. lol. I plan on getting different colors.
REVIEW: Great
REVIEW: My 19 year old daughter loved this necklace.  I bought it because I was looking for something handmade and that she could wear every day whether she dresses up or down.  Very pretty... would buy from this artist again.
REVIEW: Very well made. Printing is just as expected.<br />Great service.
REVIEW: A beautiful bottle but misleading in that there were no crystals or beads dangling. It was a gift and I didn’t realize I was shortchanged until after so we’re stuck but I won’t order again or recommend.
REVIEW: Love the necklace<br />Bought 2 of them
REVIEW: Used it to decorate my sons bedroom wall and he loves it
REVIEW: Seems to be of high quality. It's a solid piece of wood, not a canvas. Ordered it on Tuesday and received it Wednesday. It is smaller than I would expect for the price, though it is made on cedar wood.
REVIEW: our cat does backflips chasing this
REVIEW: Just as described. Didn’t realize it was American made and veteran owned company! So glad I chose this one
REVIEW: This is an absolutely beautiful ornament.  It looks gorgeous in person. My daughter was born two weeks before Christmas last year, so I got this to commemorate our first year breastfeeding.  The quality is beautiful,  and it arrived sooner than expected. This will be a treasured ornament for years to come!
REVIEW: This was a present for a sea glass and jewelry aficionado. She absolutely adored them along with the matching necklace so much, that when I gave them to her she took off the jewelry she was wearing to put these on.
REVIEW: I absolutely love it!!! Goes perfectly!!
REVIEW: Cute
REVIEW: So cute! And I love that the paper isnt flimsy! Worth every penny
REVIEW: Absolutely amazing!!!!!! Great job! It goes great on my wall of horror.
REVIEW: Extremely happy with our purchase!  Custom built, very sturdy, pre-assembled, solid, and packaged very secure.  Customer service excellent as well, would definitely recommend!
REVIEW: Their really cute and tiny and even the packaging (I took pics but I dont know how to add them) but the packaging was so nice and cute and I dont even want to throw it away. I have a bad reaction to nickel but sterling silver works fine but with my ears I have no clue and I've had the same pearl earings for three years that my mom just got from a random store and I dont know what they are but hopefully these are okay but if their not it works out ill give it to my sister. Thanks so much
REVIEW: This wreath bow is gorgeous! Excellent quality!! Will be buying more from this seller!
REVIEW: I love all things Waldorf and these did not disappoint. High quality and endless play options.
REVIEW: Love it!
REVIEW: Really didn't expect to deliver that fast,it was a gift for my friend and it looks very nice.
REVIEW: Beautiful workmanship
REVIEW: The trinket was beautifully packaged. Beautiful handmade trinket.  Was greatly appreciated. Will definitely buy again.
REVIEW: Shipping was fast however the brooch is smaller than I expected. Not worth $24. I selected the gold wider Coco No. 5
REVIEW: No complaints. Just perfect
REVIEW: These earrings are BEAUTIFUL! The attention to detail is clear and the color and shape of the earrings are exactly as pictured. I look forward to showing off these elegantly designed earrings!
REVIEW: So cute! Delivery took a long time but these are very well made and are so cute!
REVIEW: These bend real easy when trying to put them in. Had to send back.
REVIEW: So excited that I received them much earlier than expected.  The quality was excellent and the price reasonable.
REVIEW: Incredibly clear and crisp, awesome poster!
REVIEW: Looks amazing just wish there was something attached to hang the letters/name from. The product itself is even better than I expected, Looks beautiful. I just hate having to use the double sided wall tape to hang things.
REVIEW: Such a unique gift! The receiver loved it. Thank you!
REVIEW: AMAZING GIFT
REVIEW: Very pretty
REVIEW: We installed this on our golf cart a few months ago. It was easy to install and looks great. It is holding up well with no issues. We used a staple gun with our compressor, which made life easier. It can definitely be done with a manual staple gun but it would take a long time and be hard on your hands. This was definitely a less expensive alternative to buying new seats.
REVIEW: It's super cute. And it came pretty quickly. Perfect timing for easter
REVIEW: Beautiful ring
REVIEW: beautifully made with love.  so unusual. holds my thin hair when up. Love  the style,veyr creative
REVIEW: My daughter loves this ring , it is absolutely beautiful!!! Well made the stone is beautiful
REVIEW: Love it, just what I wanted
REVIEW: It's pretty. I ordered it to have the heart tho and it didn't come with it so that's super disappointing. But overall eh. Cute, dainty but wouldn't order from then again
REVIEW: My daughter loved her birthday present.. customer service was great and answered my question and they sent it out sooner so she would recieve it in time..
REVIEW: I ordered these pair of earrings to go with a necklace I have; perfect match!
REVIEW: I can’t say weather or not this has healing properties. It is comfortable to wear and it’s cool looking. So, for me it works.
REVIEW: Thst She is really enjoting it!
REVIEW: I really like the crystal beads but theres not much stretch & my hair gets pulled if it gets stuck in there.
REVIEW: I was so excited to receive this and it did not disappoint! It looks amazing in my daughters room
REVIEW: This is absolutely beautiful!  I am so happy with this product.  I was able to not only customize it with the baby's name but also the colors of my daughter's baby shower.  The order was confirmed with me before it was created and delivery was less than a week from start to finish.  It will be a wonderful keepsake from start to finish.
REVIEW: I found out the hard way not to put this in the washer machine. Other than that, its a good product
REVIEW: It was the most beautiful thing and it came to what it said it was going to be I would highly recommend these people again
REVIEW: This is pretty ingenious, i framed it and love it.
REVIEW: Very pretty. My 4 yr old daughter LOVES them.
REVIEW: I purchased this as a gift for my new great-nephew and his parents loved it
REVIEW: Love everything about their jewelry as it is great quality and fits beautifully on your wrist and is very durable as bracelets get a lot of abuse on the wrist but they have held up great.<br />I AM ADDING AN ADDITIONAL MESSAGE CONCERNING MY NEWEST BRACELET THAT I JUST RECEIVED AND IT IS STUNNING WITH ALL TURQUOISE BEADS WITH SILVER SPACERS AND SILVER FEATHERS---WHAT A SURPRISE FOR ME AS I WAS NOT EXPECTING SUCH A LOVELY BRACELET--GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE AND TOP QUALITY HANDMADE WESTERN JEWELRY - SHE HAS A PERMENENT CUSTOMER FOR SURE
REVIEW: The quality is so much better then I ever expected. I can say enough about the toaster cover, but if I had 100 toasters, I'd buy 100 of these toasters.
REVIEW: This definitely exceeded my expectations. Did not realize these were handmade until i received it. Very good quality work!
REVIEW: I bought this for my husband…and it’s perfect
REVIEW: I love this ring it is the most beautiful and delicate  ring that I ever had, I received quick ,It's just a litter tided on me because I will wear in the ring finger not in smallest what they made for the litter finger the I WILL HIGHLY RECOMENDED
REVIEW: My daughter and her husband loved it as a baby shower gift
REVIEW: The board I ordered came a bit late at no fault of the seller. That was the only drawback I would say I had when i ordered the stove cover. (Weather).<br />It is beautifully made. Fits our stove perfectly.
REVIEW: A beautiful looking sign, if you order it you won't be disappointed.
REVIEW: Gorgeous, gorgeousness, gorgeousness!  There really isn't much else to say. It arrived ahead of schedule and was well packaged.  Absolutely couldn't be happier with this purchase😉
REVIEW: My daughter loved it! Besides using it as a Christmas ornament, she has it hanging in her kitchen all year round.
REVIEW: Gorgeous necklace, just what you ordered and I've had it for a few weeks now. I accidentally shower with it on and I wear it often. It still looks incredible. I would highly recommend if you've been wanting a necklace like this.
REVIEW: Exactly as pictured
REVIEW: Lots of fun for everyone. Be careful if you have small kids who can read. There’s a few profane words
REVIEW: Great work. Easy to use and install. Looks much more expensive than it is.
REVIEW: Exactly what I wanted
REVIEW: Very cute and fast shipping
REVIEW: I was contacted on how and what I wanted for the engraving  and when I got it I was overwhelmed how beautiful it is and so proud that it will be the replacement of my old pocket watch. I AM SUPER HAPPY WITH THE SELLER, HANDLING, SHIPPING ,ENGRAVING !!!
REVIEW: Very dainty and pretty. Hard to clasp by yourself however - have to have my son clasp for me.
REVIEW: I bought this as a Secret Santa gift when I got my best work buddy in the name draw! I was so excited, but the shipping feature on Amazon only showed that it was waiting for the package to be picked up for the longest time.<br /><br />I reached out to the seller and they responded almost immediately! I was expecting to wait at least a day so I was pleasantly surprised. They assured me the package had definitely been picked up and shared that it should be delivered soon from their end of the tracking information, so I felt better.<br /><br />It came two days later by USPS in perfect condition! It is so cute and it was just the thing I was looking forward to. My buddy really loved it when they opened it!<br /><br />Always buy from small businesses! They give the best service and products!
REVIEW: Got as a gift two years ago and just found a comment card.  Just perfect for my iPad Air 2 and is accessories.  Two years old and no signs of wear.  Superior product.
REVIEW: Just got these earrings.  They are lightweight and feminine.  I think they will go with jeans or that little cocktail dress!!!
REVIEW: It was goo I think
REVIEW: LOVE this stationary so much!!! Quality is great and it arrives very fast!! Highly recommend!
REVIEW: Love it!
REVIEW: I'm so impressed with craftsmen, clean, clear and beautiful and the artist's company even reached out to with a mock draft to confirm the custom song and color before sending and packaging this order! Package: packed well by the original artist and company with a hand cut box for the shadowbox yo make sure it was a good fit and would not break along with bubble wrap to seal the frame in tight. ( awesome not one, dent or scratch)<br /><br />-Timeline: I was nervous purchase this gift a few days prior to our anniversary that it would not arrive in time for our 5th wedding anniversary. Orginal said shipping could be June 22nd-July 1st. Our anniversary is on 6.25.22<br />They sent a message saying it would be shipped out right away after I confirmed the mock docs.<br /><br />I'm very pleased it came the day of our anniversary! My husband loved it and it's hanging in our living with our first dance song!<br /><br />I highly recommend the sellers work! You would thought I bought it off etsy!
REVIEW: The weight and fit of this ring is perfect. From the first day I’ve worn it, I’ve received countless compliments. It’s a great everyday ring.
REVIEW: The earrings are cute but they do not change color like the explanation says it does and the picture shows.
REVIEW: Was a great gift, and arrived on time
REVIEW: These lovely wash clothes arrived promptly and are beautiful! I can't wait to gift these along with some homemade soaps for Christmas.  Keeping one for me too! Thank you
REVIEW: Love the ornament, one negative I see is that the Yule Cat design is clearly added on to the wood instead of being a piece of the ornament. This wasn't clear from the description or the photo. Was hoping it was more one piece rather than the wood and a sticker added on. No worries though, it is a cute ornament and will definitely continue to grace our tree.
REVIEW: It's a durable mat, and it's cute. I like it better than saying 'welcome' or the date our household was established.<br /><br />My only qualm is the cursive 'r' looks like an 'e', but after putting it in front of the door I never look at it anymore. It does its job keeping dirt out of the house and it was a good price.
REVIEW: Great calendar. Very useful and aesthetically pleasing.
REVIEW: Perfect for my daughters baby room! Great price for what you receive. You will need double-sided tape or Velcro to stick to wall - can be tedious but worth it.
REVIEW: Very small hearts, the picture is misleading.
REVIEW: Great and whimsical art.
REVIEW: It looks like they didn’t take their time. Black shadow around the numbers. So disappointed.
REVIEW: Adorable little earrings! Perfect for every day. Exactly what I was hoping for.
REVIEW: Super cute
REVIEW: Awesome quality and looks great! Shipped very quickly. Would highly recommend!
REVIEW: like and are cute
REVIEW: I ordered this for my 8lb Yorkie names Salvatore (Sal for short)… and I just love the saying on it “I am loved”.<br /><br />Was delivered as promised and was just perfect ~ I recommend!
REVIEW: I love this brooch! I especially love how the coat of arms is combined so well with the Scottish thistles. It combines Scottish heritage and elegant beauty of nature together in one beautiful piece.
REVIEW: Arrived on time. Its cute and well made!
REVIEW: Loved it
REVIEW: I love this! We received ours just in time for Christmas and it was so well done. My sister will love this. It turned out so well and it’ll be something she’ll treasure.
REVIEW: Same as the other one
REVIEW: I love it love it
REVIEW: Absolutely darling!  This is the cutest necklace and the chain compliments the charm well. The chain length is perfect too!  Would definitely buy this again or give as a gift.
REVIEW: This print is perfect! I picked up a frame at Walmart then gifted this print to my boss who often references second breakfast, elevensies, etc. I highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a unique gift idea.
REVIEW: This hat fits great and is comfortable
REVIEW: This print came perfectly in the mail very quickly!
REVIEW: These are great prints, the quality is top notch, the images are clear and crisp, the dictionary pages they are printed on make them even better. The shop these came from even packaged them well enough that my brute of a postman was unable to fold them in half and ruin them.
REVIEW: Ordered burgundy tree skirt with matching stockings as a wedding gift.  They were perfect and elegant.  Custom embroidery and turnaround time was extremely fast!  Bride loved the gift.  This might become our &#34;go-to&#34; wedding gift idea.
REVIEW: The Base doesn't work so I'm left with no way to light it. I wanted to add a picture but don't see a way how to.
REVIEW: This is a really nice quality and was the perfect gift!
REVIEW: I ordered the Cardigan Welsh Corgi, and Rebecca added the Celtic ties! Most people don't go to the actual roots, but she did! I got two more, a cat for my Samhain, and a mutt for my Dad.
REVIEW: I love it! Came just as I ordered and it looks great on my sons wall above the crib! Easy to apply and sticks well to the mostly smooth wall with no issues. So happy I found this!
REVIEW: Love it
REVIEW: So pretty, a little bigger than I thought. The pictures don't do them justice.
REVIEW: I ordered one a few months ago and loved it.  So I ordered this one for a different project.  And I loved it also.
REVIEW: So cute and has great catnip. Love it
REVIEW: Great soap.  Fresh scent,  lathers well.  I've used personally and given as gifts.
REVIEW: I really like this set. The pendant is larger than the earrings which I prefer. The pink is light in color which is exactly what I wanted. I haven’t worn it yet but can’t wait to do so at the first opportunity…probably tomorrow. I’m wondering if I should wrap them when not in use to avoid scratches? This is my first time using this type of jewelry. I would order from this maker again. Thanks! It’s beautiful.
REVIEW: I love this ornament, it makes me laugh plus it's a fact that will probably end up in all the history books some day which makes it even more funny. A great ornament, nice weight to it.
REVIEW: Got this as part of my dads Father’s Day gift & he loved it. (We’re weird & he’s hard to buy for) Happy to find something different! So cute & is as described. (The Dino is a brighter green than these photos)
REVIEW: Purchased for the front of my house it is absolutely beautiful. Reasonably priced and great workmanship. The details are beautiful I highly recommend. I'm so happy with this purchase!
REVIEW: They are so pretty -- was really looking forward to these. How can i complete my return if there's nothing to send back? Please advise -- really want this set!<br />update: replacement arrived really fast!! Thanks so much— they are cute and easy to put in. Just what I wanted thank you Miya!
REVIEW: Perfect, my wife likes them  very much
REVIEW: I love how it stretches and it's just a really pretty cover.
REVIEW: Beautiful
REVIEW: This Maya Angelou themed picture is printed on newsprint with swastikas in the background.
REVIEW: Bought this in a whim and I love it. It makes beautiful cookies. It came nicely oiled. I absolutely love this cookie mold compared to others I have purchased, great attention to detail! It surprised me initially at its size, but who doesn’t love a big cookie. It has quickly become a family favorite, all my gingerbreads  are this cookie this year and my family is loving it! So easy to work with.
REVIEW: really great piece -was a gift and was truly loved - framed it in floating frame looks great!!!!
REVIEW: The brooch is very pretty and I love the vintage look. However, the first time I opened the pin, it broke. Luckily I was able to put it back together but for as nice as the brooch is, the pin has proven to be an annoyance. It seems very poorly made. 3/5 for appearance.
REVIEW: I really like the earrings.  It would have bee nice if the title description included that they are vermeil gold.
REVIEW: Very complicate to applied o install. The company doesn't explain and specify the installation after you received it. No recommended.
REVIEW: Anniversary gift
REVIEW: This tag is very sturdy! My dog is...rugged. Her nickname is the Dog of War, to provide an image. It is sturdy and reliable. We found this shop by chance and I fell in love with it. We will be adopting another fur baby when we buy our home and we will be returning to this shop!
REVIEW: Beautiful very unique.
REVIEW: Terrible gooey substance rather than traditional slime.
REVIEW: I bought this for my son's second birthday pictures and he loves firetruck so it was perfect. It is great quality and looks exactly like pictured.
REVIEW: Cute but 20bucks for just one is a bit much.
REVIEW: I absolutely loved this necklace but only the chain is sterling . The circle moon pearl tarnished after only wearing it a few times it looks terrible.  But it does say only the chain is sterling the charm is plated and turns gray looking .
REVIEW: I love this product. This was exactly what I was hoping for. Very well made. A little less expensive than what I was looking at with another seller.
REVIEW: Love them. FYI only has the little rubber stopper type backing though.
REVIEW: This was a perfect bag for a gift. Sturdy and can hold a lot! I used this as a gift bag to fit workout products a new hydro flask and still had plenty room for more.<br />Bonus it can be used multiple times
REVIEW: I unwrapped these and ordered a set for my BFF.
REVIEW: Very nice case. It strong and works well as a wallet too. Love the details.
REVIEW: Got them framed and look beautiful!
REVIEW: This towel is so cute!
REVIEW: It’s cardboard
REVIEW: Color was totally deceptive.  I ordered a light /medium blue to use on  my sunflower wreath.  It is so Navy, it appears black.  I have not been able to return it because it arrived two days after I broke my neck.  Very disappointed.
REVIEW: Good quality, unique, beautiful.  I was hesitant to spend so much on them but they are worth every penny.
REVIEW: I was skeptical about orgones when I first bought them and I figured that even if nothing happens, they would look pretty in my room either way. I haven't had clear dreams for over a whole year and when I tell you I can vividly remember and understand what's going on in my dreams now that I have these pyramids on my headboard, I am literally memorizing faces and situations easily. This isn't even one of those things where I forget everything after waking up. I find myself thinking about these visual dreams for a few days. I'm sleeping a lot easier and I am very well rested every morning.
REVIEW: Love it
REVIEW: Adorable sign!<br />Great quality!
REVIEW: I didn't like that you can't see the 44% of 1 star reviews
REVIEW: Beautiful, loved the extra gift
REVIEW: Put it on as soon as it arrived and wear it 24/7. So hard to fine and love it.
REVIEW: I liked the product quality.<br />There was a hitch with the shipping but the vendor was gracious and did their best to make things right which was much appreciated
REVIEW: Great company. I love that you get a preview before shipping. Its perfect!
REVIEW: The ring bends while trying to put it on and take it off.  It also hooks on to clothes and other things.  I wouldn’t purchase again.  Sorry for the negs but need to give truthful comments
REVIEW: Misleading description since it never states the length of the necklace, but the pictures in the description show a woman wearing it with plenty of slack. My wife was excited to open this as an early Christmas gift, but was very disappointed when it was just too short to clasp, and she’s a petite lady. If I had known the length, I would’ve chosen another item from the same seller, but I’m returning the necklace and will shop locally instead.
REVIEW: Great until it cracked a few months after purchase.
REVIEW: I ordered four glasses.  They are amazing.  The detail is great.  They came in one piece.  Most of my friends asked where I got them.  I highly recommend!!!
REVIEW: Good product. Metal is a bit light when compared to weight of coins, but is fine.
REVIEW: Absolutely love this product. Shows up great on white envelopes
REVIEW: I ordered this mask because I wanted something light and breathable to wear on a plane.  This mask fit the bill!!  I love it!!
REVIEW: I ordered 2 posters.  They arrived just a few days after placing the order and they looked great!!
REVIEW: Love this journal. The craftsmanship is beautiful and I’m excited to give it as a Christmas gift
REVIEW: Great pair of earrings.
REVIEW: I purchased this bracelet to wear on vacation and I received so many compliments. They are light weight and I love the details. This was a great purchase!
REVIEW: Amazing
REVIEW: I loved everything about these ear rings till I had a reaction to them. I have never had a problem with any ear rings and I questioned if I become sensitive to any metals. I can wear all my ear rings without a reaction, this one sadly I can’t.<br />Be careful if you have sensitive ears with these.<br />The only reason I gave it a 3 out of 5.
REVIEW: Liked. Much prettier in person than in the pic!
REVIEW: Some feel real, mixed with fake ones potentially. Too many Amazon vendors making a quick Buck, but the tiger eye seem legit. Super comfy and fits well.
REVIEW: Simple, elegant, dainty bracelet! I bought 3 of these and one had a flaw, the other 2 were perfect. I contacted the seller and they immediately shipped me a new one. I have previously bought jewelry from this seller and am extremely happy with their product and customer service!
REVIEW: Look great on top of my glass stove, and the customize phrase was perfect, thank you!
REVIEW: I love the fit & prints
REVIEW: Love these. So impressed.
REVIEW: I absolutely love this wreath. It has an elegance to it that I really like. The bow, colors and monograham all flow well together. This wreath is the perfect size for my glass door under my arch way outside. I have looked everywhere for the right wreath an kept coming up short. But look no further the creators work speaks volumes and it's worth every penny.<br />Easy to assembly for the monograham as instructed. I am more that satisfied with this purchase. Thank you again for such beautiful work.
REVIEW: How should I put it...? It looks better in pictures than in the flesh, as it were. The stitching is well done.  It'll keep until I find something a tad more refined.
REVIEW: I just love this poster of my favorite president
REVIEW: I looked high and low for silver and purple butterfly jewelry for homecoming court and FINALLY found this set. I didn’t like the price but ordered anyways, and I realized the price was SO worth it. The jewelry was so detailed yet subtle. I got a million compliments and it matched my dress perfectly. The owner also sent a million free gifts with the set, it was such a good experience. Made me feel super special. I totally recommend!!
REVIEW: What a waste of good tartan.
REVIEW: I have a dishwasher, but most if the time I just wash the dishes. Love these, the dish towels are like the old cotton ones I grew up with and they make me chuckle!
REVIEW: amazing tights, they last long and are super comfortable. The text in the leg could be a bit more bold but overall, awesome tights.
REVIEW: I've not seen birds pick at it this spring, but I definitely have seen squirrels loving it. I've had it up for a month and most of the fur is gone. I just hung it in a big spruce tree next to my patio.
REVIEW: Quite nice and seems sturdy enough. Time will tell but I like the product!
REVIEW: I love these so much. What a wonderful gift. They arrived super fast and in beautiful packaging.
REVIEW: Leaves hair ultra greasy looking. I used on both myself and my kids and still left hair nasty. Terrible product
REVIEW: It’s super cute
REVIEW: Its cute and well made but to be honest it looks a little bit lite a fly. I was also a little disappointed that it’s hollow on the backside but that’s probably my own fault not reading the description fully. Also it’s smaller than you think.
REVIEW: it looks awesome just as they said with my grandbabys name on it fantastic and it arrived in 20 days exactly!!!
REVIEW: Excellent quality well worth the money
REVIEW: Very nice shiny porcelain ornament to celebrate my first Christmas retired!
REVIEW: I like them. Earrings are small. Just what I wanted.
REVIEW: Bought this for my granddaughter. We both love it!
REVIEW: Added a nice decoration for the jungle themed shower I hosted.
REVIEW: LOVE!!! Framed it and I always get compliments when guests see it
REVIEW: I bought 3 of these, one for each of my sons’ bedrooms. They’re awesome. Great quality and very nice looking. Names all spelled correctly and shipped very early. I was pleasantly surprised and impressed!!! Totally recommend!
REVIEW: I loved it! The colors are so vibrant and it was the perfect size!
REVIEW: This is the 2nd piece of work I’ve purchased, and both pieces are stunning, well made, the stone settings are superb. The seams are flawless and nearly invisible! I love her work!
REVIEW: These are cool and nice, I want more. They make a great product and it's made with care.<br />I'm looking for more..love it
REVIEW: Gorgeous doesn't even begin to describe this exquisite piece!
REVIEW: Looks great and even stays on a water bottle that gets wet
REVIEW: I ordered the 22 × 47in skyline and it was perfect! My son loves his wall.
REVIEW: perfect
REVIEW: Excellent craftsmanship, very pretty
REVIEW: Great mug. Well constructed and the print is good. Looks like it will last a lifetime.
REVIEW: I was so excited to get this, now I just need to find a frame that will actually fit it.
REVIEW: My heart fell off and with the connection gone I can't put it back on without the round connection!
REVIEW: Beautiful! I love my necklace.
REVIEW: I like that it came with 2 set of backs medal and plastic
REVIEW: We went on a cruise to the Bahamas and loved the shirts. We received many compliments. The cotton is soft. It’s a good buy.
REVIEW: These earrings are exactly what I wanted. Plus, the customer service was great. I imagine, in the future, I’ll be craving a second pair in another size or shape! For now, I’m just happy.
REVIEW: Great quality and value!! Clear, detailed and beautiful pictures!! I would of liked them to be on some sort of card stock until able to be framed just to help keep them in good condition, but no damage in delivery so we're good!!
REVIEW: Shirt was perfect
REVIEW: They look amazing on my bathroom walls. They fit the decor.
REVIEW: There is a reason why there are very few Kydex holsters for the BK2 sitting waiting for a buyer. Amazon has a huge clientele so it makes sense to list a few sources for a knife popular enough to keep several sheath makers in business working in their garages. This is mostly because of the universal dislike for the factory sheath sent out with the BK2. The floppy nylon strap on the original can be easily fixed or replaced especially when considering the high cost of a replacement sheath. Soft military type nylon sheaths are also available at $17 and IMHO better than the original.<br />Although some other brand names were mentioned, the only sheath available was from Valhalla with no additional info about it. Checking around the web turned up a couple of other bare bones designs that were also overpriced but ready to ship. Some Kydex holster suppliers now present a page with several custom options from which the buyer selects and designs the perfect sheath of his dreams. That's a good idea because while using the Valhalla as an example, it is a suitable sheath that somebody would buy when not aware of other sources, or doesn't want to pay more for a customized sheath. As such, the Valhalla sheath is just plain brown wrapper design, nothing special, and is probably satisfactory to most buyers once the pull is loosened up.<br />Factory sheaths are blue printed to perfection and then created en masse using the latest processes under standard industry guidelines. They have much better defining, fit perfectly, and will easily accept accessories from similar sources, especially when conforming to Molle standards. This makes it possible for thousands of special fasteners and various clip-on accessories that fit interchangeably to be sitting in stock ready to ship. As such, a belt loop provided on a Spyderco sheath is likely to also fit onto a CRKT sheath.<br />Some custom sheath providers might also offer some interchangeable accessories designed for their in-house products and might even conform to Molle standards as well, but there are a great many other independents in business who rely on random orders and simply "eyeball" where everything should be placed on the sheath during the design stage. Considering that this Valhalle sheath rides high on the hip and has no quick release, an accessory dangler might be the perfect fix for it. Anything better will likely require a visit to the local holster maker.
REVIEW: This book is so cute. Smaller than I imagined but definitely not sad at all. It’s cute and compact and perfect for my wedding!!!  I want to thank the creator for their time and effort to hand make these.
REVIEW: I bought this for my mother in law.  It was personalized as described and looked like it cost a it more than it did.  My mother in law loves it and her friends have even asked her where it came from!  Great gift!
REVIEW: It was a gift for my supervisor. She loved it!
REVIEW: These aren’t prints. They are photos. Can do this for free if you have a photo printer
REVIEW: These are more like 10mm honestly. I have had 8mm and 10mm before and the 8mm fit snug while the 10mm didn't. 😪  They look nice but am a little disappointed, to be honest. Shld have bought the 6mm... Which I actually wanted for another piercing, wish I had bought those first, instead of these.
REVIEW: It came so fast and they're beautiful! I ordered four for me and my family and everyone loved it!
REVIEW: This necklace is labeled as for men, however, I don't see why it should be limited to men. I understand that Tiger Eye is said to boost the yang energy of men, but it actually helps balance yin and yang energies - which is good for both sexes.  And since it's good for confidence and grounding, I'm sure it's good for women, too.  I got it for myself, a woman, and I love it!<br /><br />In any case, the Tiger Eye stones in this necklace are lovely, as are the Black Obsidian and Hematite stones.  Its strung on durable, flexible cord and has a fairly large clasp.  Its not too heavy and the 21 inch length is great for many types of outfits. Its well made and beautiful!  I can see it around the neck of a powerful man for sure, but it also looks and feels really good around my neck.
REVIEW: My wife was ecstatic! All 5 of them are beautiful! Shipping was fast!
REVIEW: Super cute shirt! Does run big so I’d size up!
REVIEW: Gave these to my husband for Easter. He loves them.
REVIEW: Earrings as described, good quality just bigger and heavier than I thought they would be.
REVIEW: It’s perfect - legible, smooth on the faces and no sharp edges around the outside. It comes with 2 split ring options and a tiny bell just in case you have a cat!! The tag is so carefully packaged in sweet little envelopes, I thought it was a Valentine! Great value for money, super-happy I bought it, so I ordered another one right away.
REVIEW: Perfect for our outside wreaths.
REVIEW: I love this little statue.  It’s beautiful yet rustic.  Colorful and soulful.  Looks great on my small bookshelf.  For the price I feel like it’s a great value.
REVIEW: My daughter gave me the bracelet after<br />My husband passed. So special. However<br />I have a mechanical 3 yo<br />Granddaughter who managed to get the heart urn pulled off and our sep anniversary stone off and I didn't notice. So missing don't have. I would like to purchase just these two<br />Charms. HELP kwd3760@yahoo.com. Thanks
REVIEW: Love this! Item was packed very securely and this will hold a lot of sand! The lettering could have been a little more secure with the price but overall am very happy with it
REVIEW: Love these unique hand made adorable cupcake toppers!!!
REVIEW: Very minimal and cute, I paired it with a simple black frame and it looks great
REVIEW: The font and writing style was perfect! Only took two days to arrive at my door from the day I ordered it. Great, affordable custom work!  Will order from this company again!  Very pleased!
REVIEW: Absolutely beautifully done. The etching is so crisp and clear. My husband loves them and they were so quick. Arrived before they were estimated to and in time for our anniversary.
REVIEW: Great banner for my parents anniversary party!
REVIEW: Sturdy material
REVIEW: I love putting this on before I go to sleep. It is very moisturizing for under my eyes.
REVIEW: Exactly what I expected
REVIEW: Love them!!
REVIEW: Proposed to my girlfriend this past weekend and had each of the dogs wear one around their necks. Easily adjusted and both fit fine. The bigger boxer is 70 lbs and the other is 51 lbs. No issues at all
REVIEW: Good thick paper and print high quality
REVIEW: Well made and beautiful, I also got the bronze mermaid and I love them both and so does my family and friends.
REVIEW: Very cool, I love the design and the rustic look.
REVIEW: Buy it, don’t think about it. The craftsmanship is A+++. So happy.
REVIEW: Very nice,  we framed ours.
REVIEW: Beautiful, very dainty.
REVIEW: The problem with shower steamers is that you generally do not get any sent strong enough till you are practically done with the shower...
REVIEW: So nice looking.  Color and quality…. 2 thumbs up👍
REVIEW: This is easily one of my favorite rings! I have bought a lot of rings, most I have not been to impressed with, but I absolutely love this ring!! The knot on the side is so unique and the colors are vibrant and beautiful!
REVIEW: Update:12-26-22, this is the only stuff u shld get for cold sores! Ive only had 1 cold sore since i bought this in Jan. Couple close calls but i got it in time. LOVE THIS STUFF! THANK YOU!<br />1-10-22-Smooth,not a bad smell,a lil lemon & peppermint smell. Has a lite cooling feel from the mint. Hope it works well🤞on cold sores. There is no flavor. Fyi definitely does not help with dry lips...  2-25-22-have been using this for about a month now, & so far no cold sores, thank God. Bought 4 more containers,  giving 3 to my kids
REVIEW: They loved it!
REVIEW: Beautiful and very soft material. True to size.
REVIEW: I needed help on my order and the response and customer service was amazing! I have since purchased 2 more puzzles and have recommended several people who are just as please!
REVIEW: For the price I was not expecting such quality. I thought it would be a novelty item.  I was pleasantly surprised to find it to be a regular use knife.
REVIEW: Great decor- the stem did break on one but easily fixed with super glue. Very unique and received a lot of complements
REVIEW: Very cute, made of real wood and fairly easy to read. 5/5 would order again.
REVIEW: Very pretty.  Thought they would be heavy but they aren't.
REVIEW: Absolutely love the selections, artists and their preferred guitar!!!!  Awesome
REVIEW: Loved it! I like how it had backing on the burlap, made it a little stiffer and easier to mount. I am going to order another one for a wedding next month!!
REVIEW: I purchased this as a gift for my daughter-in-law. The bracelet measured approximately 5". I When I attempted to purchase the extension it would not allow me to purchase it as a standalone item. I contacted customer service multiple times and never heard back once. It is a beautiful little bracelet that will fit on a 10 year old
REVIEW: This is my 2nd set of cushion covers from Fig Leaf.  I've had the 1st set for over a year & they look brand new but I wanted a solid color so got the 2nd set.  11g covers & each one had a label with the dimensions & whether it was seat or back.  That's the kind of detail you won't get on Chinese products.  These covers saved me thousands over what I was quoted to have them made in Hawaii.  Fig Leaf even came up with a genius custom solution to cover the ottomon in the photo even though it's attached to the base legs....and they did the customization without an extra charge.  Made in the U.S.A., Baby!  Love them.  Added bonus, the eco packaging makes a great hide a treat dog toy. : )
REVIEW: After 50 years in Iowa, we took a chance and moved across the country to Texas.  This will be the perfect ornament to add to our keepsake collection.  The colors are absolutely beautiful!
REVIEW: Rings áre handmade and fit perfectly.  I hope to order more of this jewelry as there are earrings,<br />Necklaces etc.  They come in the cutest gift box too.
REVIEW: I wanted water-themed art for a guest bathroom and these prints are perfect, and unusual...not the standard beach or lake subject.  The stock they are printed on is nice and heavy with a texture that looks like canvas. They were well packaged for protection, and were sent very quickly (not always the case with third party sellers).  They are unframed, and look lovely in the simple dark wood frames I purchased for them.
REVIEW: Our grandson is 6 and loves to "cook".  He insists he has his chef outfit on before he starts his concoctions.  Vibrant green with great stiching.
REVIEW: Very nice - great quality.
REVIEW: When I ordered my first fleece cage liners I ordered one of these and one from another company with stellar reviews. Unfortunately, even following all the directions for each liner, the other brand didn’t retain its visual appeal or shape and just generally didn’t hold up nearly as well as the one from SmallPets & Company. I ordered another of this liner in the feather print (which is the one I am currently reviewing) and remain impressed! Both my SmallPets & Company liners still look new and work great. In fact, I am so pleased with them that I just finished placing an order for two more, in the galaxy print this time. ☺️<br />I’ve found that with 2 guinea pigs in 2 connected Midwest cages, the liner can go about a week before washing if you pick up the poops (I often do this multiple times throughout the day, but once a day is probably enough). The same is probably true for one piggie in one cage.  However, if you have 2 piggies in one Midwest cage, you’re probably going to want to wash it *at least* every 5 days. I was washing them every 3-5 days until we got our second cage because the smell can get pretty bad (maybe it was worse because it was boars, idk).<br />One of our piggies died back in January, so now that we have only one pig in the 2 connected Midwest cages, I’m thinking that having 4 liners to change out should make cleaning up easier than ever.<br />To sum up my review, I highly recommend SmallPets & Company fleece liners over the other “leading” brand. I also recommend it over disposable litter as it’s much easier to clean the cage and it’s much more economical after a slightly higher initial investment. Trust me, though-these are worth their price! 👍🏽👍🏽
REVIEW: We got this as a birthday gift for my dad, and he loves it!<br />It was originally suppose to arrive after his birthday, but it came early, which was a win!<br />It’s a beautiful piece of work, and worth every penny.
REVIEW: I finally got a nose ring that stays in place
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:b3f548d97b629ecf0bc7e501f51131f0]] So in love with my sign. It was delivered fast, I spray painted it gold and it come out BEAUTIFUL. Will be ordering more for my kids.
REVIEW: Sweet gift
REVIEW: Beautiful
REVIEW: Excellent quality. I love the graphics.
REVIEW: Enjoy the print. It is on a flat white board not on a canvas. Read whole description because it does not come with frame. It’s a cool piece to have or gift if you’re into or work in the biology/medical field. I bought four different pieces and ordered black frames separately.
REVIEW: Very nice
REVIEW: 👍
REVIEW: Perfect in every way
REVIEW: gifted my friend! he loves it
REVIEW: Beautiful glass orb with top that can screw off and on to refill or add little trinkets to the orb. Loved it! Sadly, the metal circle that holds the orb on the chain was not all the way closed. I discovered this as soon as i lifted the necklace out of the box and the orb fell off... i slid it back in.<br />. But again the first hour i wore the necklace out it fell off the chain and now it is gone. So while I loved it, it would be nice to have a chain thick enough to not fall theough the slit, or better quality rings holding it on. Was a pretty 45 min accessory.
REVIEW: This turned out exactly how I envisioned and is made so well! I had a question and the seller was prompt at returning my message. Great seller and great product!
REVIEW: So pretty.  Love it!
REVIEW: Not exactly what I was expecting, but still very nice for the money. I just didn't realize it was going to be on photo paper.. thought it would be on antique looking paper. Still, my father loves it!!
REVIEW: Beautiful.  Excellent craftsmanship.
REVIEW: Love my necklace!!!
REVIEW: I love it!! Great craftsmanship and it's perfect for all of my family recipes. I ordered the extra paper but it comes with alot of pages from the original purchase. Will give it to my daughter when she gets older.  Shipping was faster than expected and came securely wrapped so no damage was done during shipping.
REVIEW: Awesome photo only. Bought frame separately. Get a frame with a border inside.  Hangs nicely. I have it on my bathroom wall.
REVIEW: Really nice!
REVIEW: The package is above and beyond ! Amazing notes in package. If you need a 65th birthday gift, this is the one. Timing on the deliver was on time/early as well !<br />Thank you for great customer service
REVIEW: 4 stars, only because I thought the sticker was black AND white, not just black. The sticker came fine, was applied without issue, but you can hardly see it on the back of my vehicle because it's all black with no white background or fill. Probably my own mistake for not noticing, but just heads up.
REVIEW: Really dainty ring, looks great stacked with other rings. I love that it’s small and understated. Seller was quick to ship and ring arrived sooner than expected
REVIEW: The powder is PERFECT!  Wanted an alternative to Talc and this has a lovely texture and fragrance.  But the delivery is awful.  No "puff" included and it is a mess every time I use it.
REVIEW: My daughter and I are fighting over who gets to keep it. Definitely going to order a second one. Arrived quickly, too.
REVIEW: Muy hermoso lastima q Ami bebé no le gusta mucho pero ahy va acostumbrándose
REVIEW: This rice water, leave in conditioner is pretty nice overall.<br />It comes in a spray bottle you shake up that has a trigger that is large, so it is easy on your hands.<br />The fragrance is light and pleasant, you can theoretically use it on any hair type, dry or wet.<br /><br />On my baby fine hair this did weigh a little heavy, but I still feel like it improved the texture of my hair.<br />Accordingly, depending on your hair type, you may need to modify when and how you put the leave in conditioner on your hair.<br /><br />The main critiques I have include that the spray does not generate a fine enough mist to be evenly applied to your hair.<br />It is an easy pump to operate, it just produces larger droplets in a smaller space than similar leave in products, which results in uneven coverage you have to brush/massage through your hair..<br /><br />The other thing I would say is that this might not bee for all hair types, as described.<br />My feeling is this will work well on hair that responds well to rice water as a conditioner.<br />What is extra great about it being a leave-in conditioner is that rice water conditioners you use in the shower generally need to be left on a long time.<br />This way the rice water conditioner simply remains on your hair until the next time you wash it.<br /><br />If you are already a fan of rice water conditioners, I believe this would be a great product to try in terms of seeing how you like the leave-in formula.<br />If you have no experience with rice water conditioner, this would offer a way to try it in a spray bottle that makes it easy to use whenever and wherever is convenient for you.
REVIEW: Super well done! Everyone loved and complimented it! So happy with this purchase.
REVIEW: My daughter loved it!
REVIEW: This is so adorable and I love that I was able to customize the color. It was the perfect piece of art to complete my nursery decor!
REVIEW: Very good quality and adjustable
REVIEW: Love the quality!  Just like the ones Joanna Gaines wears and a fraction of the price! :)
