REVIEW: These earrings are really pretty!  They go with a variety of outfits and are light weight enough to wear all day without irritation.
REVIEW: Gorgeous and lovely
REVIEW: I’m an avid canner & love the old blue jars the best! These earrings are amazing! I absolutely love them! I’m giving them as a gift & I know she’ll love them as well! Great craftsmanship!!!
REVIEW: My God daughter who ida nurse loves them. Light but show up beautifully to her patients who are children. They can see but not so long they can grab and pull!!
REVIEW: Bought these for my wife, she loves me again!
REVIEW: These earrings are exactly what I expected.  I love the size, shinny silver, weight, quality and color of the glass.  Gift worthy.
REVIEW: Beautiful, love them !
REVIEW: These are lovely.  I've only worn them once and got so many compliments.  They are not too big and not too small and unique, but not over the top funky.
REVIEW: The glass sparkles as I move.  Beautiful!  The wire work is carefully and precisely soldered in place. I am not a jewelry maker so I am presuming the process used to create the wire cage for the glass and joining the wire pieces.  I would like to buy more things from this creator  and  I would feel confident buying  then to give as  gifts. I was drawn to consider the earrings because the story.  Finding and repurposing discarded glass seemed a great solution.  My dog once stepped on glass in the forest and received a bad cut. Making something this nice out of re-melted glass pieces gets very close to the alchemist goal of  making gold out straw.
REVIEW: I ordered these to give my sister who likes hot air balloons which these looked like. She liked them! Cute packaging and I like the recycled glass aspect.
REVIEW: Beautifully packaged, would make a great gift but I bought them for myself.
REVIEW: The mason jar blue glass wrapped in silver is awesome!
REVIEW: Absolutely love them!
REVIEW: It was loved
REVIEW: Beautiful earrings - the color is much prettier than shown in the pictures.  These earrings are for a gift and I know the recipient will adore them!
REVIEW: Beautiful earrings! Love that the artist uses everday objects to create these little gems. They are shiny and the little glass is clear and bright. I got them as a gift, and I appreciate the story card and nice box that comes with it. Lovely gift for sure!
REVIEW: Cute earrings. I wouldn't describe them as vintage as they are silver and have a little glass bead inside. Still cute.
REVIEW: They were well made and loved the story of where the glass came from
REVIEW: These earrings are very pretty.  This color blue and the design are kind of unique ... like unusual in a good way.  Haven't seen anything quite like them anywhere else. The earrings have a little weight to them, but are comfortable to wear.
REVIEW: I love these earrings.  They are stainless steel posts and don't break me out and are so beautiful..  I love they are made from old canning jars .
